Promoter Eddie Hearn is hopeful that Kell Brook will land a blockbuster domestic bout against Amir Khan next year.Brook put himself on the brink of some big-name fights with an impressive fourth-round stoppage win over Vyacheslav Senchenko last Saturday in front of the Sky Sports cameras.The Sheffield fighter is lying in wait for the winner of Devon Alexander's IBF welterweight title defence against Shawn Porter in December, but Khan and American star Adrien Broner have also been named as future opponents.Hearn believes Khan is holding out for a lucrative fight with Floyd Mayweather, but has already made enquiries about the all-British battle or an exciting clash with Broner.He told Sky Sports: "Everybody wants the Khan fight. Khan will want the Mayweather fight of course and I think that's likely to happen. If it doesn't, I think Khan-Brook becomes a real possibility."I've always mentioned it to Amir and I've told him it's a huge money fight. It's by far the biggest payday of his career, by far, but it doesn't equate to the same kind of money as the Mayweather fight."That's the one he will be chasing. I spoke to Richard Schaefer (CEO of Golden Boy Promotions) just a couple of days ago about Amir Khan and Adrien Broner and said there is big money in this fight. I believe it's a box office fight and I believe it would sell 30,000 tickets at Bramall Lane or wherever that may be."Harder of course to get Broner over here, because he will want to fight in the US, but there is a lot of extra money in the pot for him to come here."Kell asked me when we left the ring on Saturday what is next. I said the worst way you're fighting for the world title. The best way you're probably fighting Amir Khan."A world title at stake would make the fight even more attractive and Hearn suggested that Brook could even challenge for the IBF belt on the same bill as Khan-Mayweather."I mean Brook-Khan is a wonderful fight. It would be bigger as a world title fight," he said."I think the only issue we have got now with Kell is he's boxed in late October and to keep him out until May is quite difficult. What do you do? Do you put him in a 10-rounder that he's not really going to get up for? But when you get to this position in the big fights, sometimes you have to wait a little bit longer."