Adam Etches (left) and Alexandre Mendes at the weigh-in ahead of their fight (photo courtesy of Lawrence Lustig)Adam Etches wants to make most of home advantage on Saturday and extend his perfect record at the expense of the "very dangerous" Alexandre Mendes.Having sold plenty of tickets, Sheffield-born middleweight Etches can expect the crowd to be firmly on his side at the Motorpoint Arena when he is part of the undercard for Kell Brook's fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko.
    "There is more to boxing than just the boxing. It's a show; it's about putting bums on seats and getting people to watch on the television."
			Adam Etches


    "There is more to boxing than just the boxing. It's a show; it's about putting bums on seats and getting people to watch on the television."
			Adam Etches

The 22-year-old currently boasts a 12-0 record as a professional, though Brazilian Mendes has also yet to taste defeat himself in 10 outings, nine of which he has won by knockout.Etches - who has fought just once in 2013 due to an injury to his right hand - knows he cannot take anything for granted if he is to remain unbeaten."I know he's a very dangerous opponent," he told Sky Sports. "He's had 10 fights and won all 10, stopping nine. He can definitely punch. It's a dangerous, live opponent."He seems a similar sort of person to me - he's young, fresh and his knockout ratio is even better than mine. I know he's dangerous so I've got to be careful early on."As well as the bonus of appearing in his own back yard, Etches is also pleased to get the opportunity to showcase his skills again on television. He is scheduled to be first on when coverage switches to Sky Sports 1 HD at 8pm.
Live on Sky Sports

Fight Night - Live
Kell Brook v Vyacheslav Senchenko
October 26, 2013 8:00pm



Remote Record
Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports


"I've got a big stage and it's on Sky Sports, which I haven't had for a year as I've just been boxing on my own shows," 'The Bomber' said. "It's good to have that platform back."There are hundreds coming, so I'm looking forward to it"There is more to boxing than just the boxing. It's a show; it's about putting bums on seats and getting people to watch on the television.  How you do it is up to you, but that's what you need to do."The middleweight division offers some potentially mouth-watering domestic fights for Etches, and the Hatton Promotions fighter insists he is willing to take on all-comers as he targets the prized Lonsdale belt."I know if I keep doing what I'm doing, keep boxing how I'm boxing and keep getting the results, then my name will be top of that list," he added."My main target is to just keep winning."But I'll fight anyone at any time and in any place, provided it is right for Adam Etches. I'll take any fights provided it's the right fight for me and I'm ready."