Our Conor: Made a pleasing return to actionLeading Champion Hurdle hope Our Conor finished a creditable fourth as 10/1 shot Ancient Sands claimed victory in the Woodlands 100 Club October Handicap.Making his first appearance since his fantastic performance in the Triumph Hurdle at Cheltenham in March, Dessie Hughes' inmate was the 5/2 favourite in the silks of new owner Barry Connell.The four-year-old was keen in the early stages of the mile-and-a-half contest and then got stuck behind a wall of horses in the straight.Once he got in the clear under Danny Mullins, Our Conor could only stay on at the one pace, but was far from disgraced.Joanna Morgan's Ancient Sands, ridden by top apprentice Connor King, held off the late thrust of Stony Grey by a head, with Tri Na Ceile back in third.Hughes said of Our Conor: "I'm delighted. He travelled well and he ran well. The others have been running all year whereas that's his first run. He'd be 90% fit."When asked if Our Conor would next run in the Morgiana Hurdle at Punchestown, Hughes said: "Definitely."Earlier Wannabe Better claimed the second Listed race of her career when triumphant in the Clodovil EBF Garnet Stakes.The Tommy Stack-trained filly (10/1) responded enthusiastically under Wayne Lordan and was not particularly hard-pressed to account for Mizzava by two and a half lengths.Fozzy Stack, the County Tipperary handler's son and assistant, said: "She's fairly useful on her day. She was in season when I was saddling her, but it doesn't seem to make much difference to her."She ran well in Tipperary from a bad draw. She was too keen in the Matron, but probably wasn't good enough anyway. I don't know whether she'll stay in training or not."Vote Often (10/1) had earlier made a striking impression on her second career start when she pulled four and a quarter lengths clear of Beyond Brilliance in the Fast Company EBF Fillies Maiden.Trainer Dermot Weld said: "She did it well and she's a big staying mare. She handled the ground well. She was under a bit of pressure two down, but on the testing ground she galloped well to the line."She'll be a lovely mare for next year, I think she'll be up to stakes level. She'll want a mile and a quarter or a mile and a half next year."