Richard Fahey takes us through his team for Doncaster, Newbury and Wolverhampton on Saturday.It's a strange time of the season right now. We've had the influx of yearlings from the sales who are now settling in and we are preparing to send 24 horses down to the Tattersalls Horses In Training Sales at Newmarket on Monday.Clearly the changing of the guard happens at every stable as owners look to bring in fresh talent and replace established horses and we're no different.Our big names, the likes of Garswood, Parbold and Sandiva have finished for the year now but will be back in 2014 and that's exciting.Moving on to Saturday and we start with Rufford in the Listed Scott Dobson Memorial Doncaster Stakes. He was a bit disappointing the last day at York but he got a little buzzed up beforehand and that can happen there. If he's back to his best he'd have a very solid chance here.We've two in  the crownhotel-bawtry.com Nursery. Roachdale House came to win the race at Ayr last time and didn't seem to get home. He's a horse we like and, on that evidence, dropping back to seven furlongs here should suit.This isn't quite as warm a nursery as looked possible at the six-day stage and he'd have a chance but the last run is just at the back of my mind.He and Regiment worked together during the week and there won't be much between them on what we saw there. Paul Hanagan rides Regiment who's a funny horse. He lost his action coming down the hill at Newmarket last time. He did a similar thing at Goodwood too but is absolutely fine at home.This track and trip will suit him and he'd have an each-way chance in a race I wouldn't want to pick between my pair.It's been a really frustrating time with Tatlisu, we haven't been able to find a race for him since he ran third in the Ayr Bronze Cup. That was a cracking effort and going up to seven furlongs in the Universal Recycling Apprentice Handicap won't be a problem. He should run well despite top weight but it's a very open race.It's been great to see Sammy Bell riding so many winners recently. She came here from Kevin Prendergast and when he recommends a young jockey you really sit up and take note. It took Sammy a while to settle in but she's full of confidence now and more than justifying Kevin's high opinion of her.She rides my two runners at Newbury. Hi There has had a great season and the owner was keen to run him in the Bathwick Tyres Handicap. He got up close home to win at Ayr last time, remains in good form, and Sammy's seven pound claim is very useful.It will also come in handy aboard Dusky Queen in the Worthington's & Aylesbury Ex-Servicemen's Club E.B.F. Fillies' Handicap. She won at York last time where she really loved the ground and that's in her favour again here. She should run very well.We've three runners on Wolverhampton's evening card. Maiden Approach looks like a filly for next year. I want to give her more experience but don't want her pulling around on heavy ground so she goes in the 32Red Casino British Stallion Studs E.B.F. Maiden Stakes. She'll definitely win races but it would be a pleasant surprise if this was one of them.Kiama Bay is one of the team heading off to the sales on Monday. He won a couple of races this term but paid the price with his handicap mark. That said he could still be competitive in the 32 Red Handicap.It's My Time ran well from a bad draw here last time and hasn't fared too well again in stall nine in the 32Red On The App Store Fillies' Handicap. You struggle from a wide draw over a mile and a furlong here, you're trapped wide and it can be difficult. She's in good nick though and capable of a big run.