Tony McCoy: Pleased with Carlisle five-timerTony McCoy has vowed to concentrate upon the "job in hand" rather than the milestone of 4000 career winners.The champion jockey made giant strides towards the milestone with a five-timer at Carlisle on Thursday afternoon but has vowed not to be carried away with the numbers and to keep his attentions firmly on each ride.Speaking to www.cheltenham.co.uk, McCoy said: "There has been plenty of talk in the press and on the likes of Twitter about me riding 4,000 winners. It is something that was on my mind at the start of the season and the more winners you ride the more you tend to think about it. I am quite lucky though, that when I get to the races and enter the weighing room it doesn't really enter my head. I have a job to do and I have to ride winners."There are people who are employing me on that day whom I may not have ridden for before, so whether I have ridden 4,000 winners or not is no good to them. I have to concentrate on the job in hand but sometimes on the way home in the evening I might think about it and the fact that I am getting closer."When I rode 1,000 winners I definitely didn't think I would get to towards this total. The same would be true after 2,000, but for some reason when I rode 3,000 I thought to myself that I could ride 4,000 winners - maybe when I got to 3,000 I was just starting to get the hang of it! I do like to set myself goals and targets to chase as it keeps my mind right and gives me something to aim at. I know some people don't like setting goals and targets in case they get disappointed, but I get disappointed if I don't reach my goals and targets and that keeps me motivated."I am very proud of what I have achieved and I have never for a moment taken it for granted. I have never thought I have a divine right to ride more winners than anyone else and when I do ride 4,000 winners I won't wake up and think 'wow, I'm a great jockey' because it will already be in the past and you have to keep looking ahead. I know how hard you have to work to get to this point. There have been a lot of good days and a lot of bad days and you have a lot of highs and lows. This is a pretty good sport at keeping you level headed so I have never really thought I was any different from anyone else."The five winners at Carlisle were enjoyable and it is something you would like to happen every day but it often doesn't or it can't as you might only have a couple of rides. I have been lucky that Jonjo's (O'Neill) horses are flying and that JP (McManus) has plenty for me to ride and it is just about keeping the moment going forward.""I also got 100 winners in a season for the 19th consecutive year with the wins at Carlisle and that is something I am proud of. To ride 100 winners for 19 years in a row is nice and I don't think too many people will have done it. I guess the likes of Pat Eddery will have managed it and it is a nice achievement, but I am always looking forward and treat it as the clock going back to zero and starting again. My goal is now to ride 200 winners!"