Great Britain's women's team pursuit riders celebrate their victoryGreat Britain's women's team pursuit squad smashed the world record for the second time in five hours as they joined the men's quartet in winning gold on the opening day of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Manchester.Laura Trott, Dani King, Jo Rowsell and Elinor Barker bettered the previous best they set in qualifying by a huge four seconds on the way to an eight-second victory over Canada in front of a raucous home crowd.


Owain Doull, left, and Ed Clancy, right, celebrate team pursuit gold

Owain Doull, left, and Ed Clancy, right, celebrate team pursuit goldTheir blistering time of 4:19.604 underlined their status as the No 1 team in the world and highlighted their peerless strength in depth in the new four-rider, 4km format, which was introduced this season.They only narrowly missed out on catching their opponents on the final lap and fell just 0.047 seconds adrift of the slowest men's quartet, China, over the same distance.Trott said afterwards: "I'm really happy. From qualification to final, we changed the strategy a bit. We thought we would do the three-turn strategy and try something different."We managed to go under 4min 20sec, which was really good - we thought we would do a 4min 22sec in the final."The men's team pursuit quartet of Ed Clancy, Steven Burke, Andy Tennant and Owain Doull had earlier delivered Britain's first gold medal of the World Cup with a closely fought victory over Australia.The newly crowned European champions had been trailing the world champions after the first kilometre, but fought back to win by 0.6 seconds in a time of 3:58.654.Clancy said afterwards: "We did all right. We didn't set the world on fire. We did a great ride in qualifying, but we didn't quite back it up in the final."


Becky James and Victoria Williamson claimed team sprint silver

Becky James and Victoria Williamson claimed team sprint silverBurke added: "Job done. Hopefully we will get better in the next [round of the World Cup] in Mexico and build up to the worlds [at the end of February]."Becky James and Victoria Williamson added a silver medal in the women's team sprint to Britain's first-day haul after succumbing to an impressive display from Germany's Kristina Vogel and Miriam Welte, who won by 0.9 seconds in 32.788 seconds.The men's team sprint trio of Jason Kenny, Philip Hindes and Matt Crampton narrowly defeated New Zealand to win bronze and hand Britain a fourth medal of the day.They had led comfortably after the second of three laps but New Zealand came back strongly on the last lap and stopped the clock just 0.072 seconds shy of Britain's winning time of 43.972. Germany beat Russia to claim gold.In the women's scratch race, Scotland's Katie Archibald took silver behind gold medal-winner Malgorzata Wojtyra, of Poland. King, who was still recovering from the team pursuit final only minutes earlier, finished seventh.In the men's omnium, Britain's Jon Dibben lies seventh after three of the six events, on 25 points.