Jo Rowsell dominated the women's individual pursuit finalJoanna Rowsell claimed her second gold medal of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Manchester with a dominant victory in the women's individual pursuit.


Becky James won bronze in the individual sprint

Becky James won bronze in the individual sprintTwenty-four hours after forming part of Great Britain's triumphant team pursuit quartet, the 24-year-old showed she is just as adept on her own by defeating Australia's Rebecca Wiasak by 1.9 seconds in a time of 3:34.904.Despite being short of full fitness following surgery on a broken collarbone in August, Rowsell opened up a 1.1-second lead after the first 1km of the 3km distance and continued to pull away as she controlled the race from start to finish."To come here and win two gold medals, I'm absolutely over the moon," Rowsell said afterwards. "There is a lot more to come in this track season, but we have really set the standard here."I had a schedule to ride to and pretty much completely ignored it. I could hear the crowd being really loud and I thought, 'This has got to be a good sign'."Scotland's Katie Archibald, representing the Braveheart team, earlier clinched the bronze medal after beating Poland's Eugenia Bujak in the third-place race by 3.4 seconds in a time of 3:37.093.


Katie Archibald won her second medal of the World Cup

Katie Archibald won her second medal of the World CupIt was the 19-year-old's second medal of the World Cup after her silver in Friday's scratch race and comes just days after she signed a professional contract with British Cycling.Archibald, who was four seconds adrift after the first 1km, said afterwards: "It was a case of not panicking. Luckily I didn't have the physical capacity to panic so I rode it out and kept my aerodynamic fingers crossed."Britain's Becky James also won her second medal of the meeting by claiming bronze in the women's individual sprint with a 2-0 victory over Olympic champion Anna Meares, of Australia.Meares, representing the Jayco team, was competing in her first major event since London 2012 and lacked the race sharpness to match for her younger opponent. Germany's Kristina Vogel defeated Hong Kong's Wai Sze Lee to take gold.Ireland's Martyn Irvine produced a magnificent ride to claim gold in the men's points race.


Martyn Irvine won men's points race gold in superb style

Martyn Irvine won men's points race gold in superb styleThe 28-year-old mounted a late breakaway and won the last three of 12 sprints to secure a three-point victory over Denmark's Lasse Norman Hansen. Britain's Owain Doull was narrowly beaten to third by one point by Italy's Elia Viviani."I was sneaky, a bit lazy in the start, but then it paid off in bundles," Irvine, who races in the scratch race on Sunday's final day, said. "I gambled. It will go really well for me or really bad and that went good."Jason Kenny missed out on a medal in the men's keirin. The reigning world champion took up the sixth spot behind the derny in the final and had to settle for fourth after being unable to regain parity with the front-runners. France's Francois Pervis won gold, with Germany's Maximilian Levy taking silver and Venezuela's Hersony Canelon bronze.In the men's omnium, Britain's Jon Dibben finished fifth overall. Belgium's Jasper de Buyst took gold ahead of the Netherlands' Tim Welte in second and Australia's Luke Davison in third.In the women's omnium, Laura Trott finished second in the third event, the elimination race, to lift herself up to sixth overall with three events remaining on the meeting's final day on Sunday.