Laura Trott won the last two events to seal omnium victoryLaura Trott claimed her second gold of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Manchester by winning the women's omnium, as Becky James earned her third medal with silver in the keirin.


Trott followed up her victory in the team pursuit on Friday

Trott followed up her victory in the team pursuit on FridayTwo days after triumphing in the team pursuit, Trott won the final two of the six events to beat second-placed Gillian Carleton overall by five points and third-placed Laurie Berthon by seven points.Key to her victory was a superb performance in the penultimate event, the scratch race, when she broke away from the peloton and lapped all of her rivals on the way to a vital win.That gave her a three-point lead going the final event, the 500m time trial, and she extended it further by powering to a 0.3-second victory over Berthon in front of a deafening home crowd.Of her gamble in the scratch race, Trott said afterwards: "I didn't really have a choice. I went into the race six points down and I was really on the back foot and my coach said to me I have got to at least try and win."Normally in the omnium, you are sitting back and just racing the people in the top six. I was really surprised no one went with me. I passed my coach and he said 'Go!'."The crowd was absolutely amazing. I don't think I would have won if it wasn't for them."


Becky James lost out to Kristina Vogel in the keirin final

Becky James lost out to Kristina Vogel in the keirin finalTrott had been seventh after two events, but a pair of second places in the third and fourth events lifted her into third place and medal contention. It was the second World Cup omnium gold medal of her career and sixth in total.In the women's keirin, James had to settle for second place behind Germany's Kristina Vogel, who has now swept the board at this World Cup by winning gold medals in the team sprint, sprint and keirin.James took up the first spot behind the derny and although she could not fend off Vogel's surge, she held on to add a silver medal to the silver she won in the team sprint on Friday and bronze in the individual sprint on Saturday.James, who had earlier won both her first and second-round keirin races, said afterwards: "Kristina had the legs on me in the final, but I am really happy with that [silver]. The early rounds went really well, so I can take a lot of positives from today.


Matt Crampton finished fourth in the men's sprint

Matt Crampton finished fourth in the men's sprint"This event has gone really well. I am really happy with the whole weekend. Kristina is on fire, but hopefully I will be on top form by the worlds."In the men's scratch race, Wales' Jonathan Mould, representing team USN, claimed a fine bronze medal as Britain's Owain Doull finished tenth. Austria's Andreas Muller took the gold.Britain's Matt Crampton finished fourth in the men's individual sprint after being beaten 2-0 in the bronze-medal final by Australia's Shane Perkins.Germany's Robert Forstemann defeated Trinidad's Njisane Phillip 2-0 to take gold. Olympic champion Jason Kenny failed to qualify for the finals.In the women's points race, Britain's Elinor Barker finished tenth and Scotland's Katie Archibald 15th as Canada's Laura Brown claimed gold.Britain ended the event at the top of the medals table with four golds, two silvers and two bronzes.