Tai Woffinden: Chasing world championship gloryGreat Britain star Tai Woffinden needs a maximum of six points to clinch the World Championship title at Saturday's final Grand Prix of the season in Poland.Woffinden will ride through the pain barrier in the Torun event, having suffered further collarbone damage last time out in Stockholm, and every point dropped by rival Jarek Hampel will reduce the Wolverhampton rider's target.Woffinden said: "I've always said my priority is to give my best in every race and we shall see if that's good enough. I'm aiming for a podium finish on Saturday night, I want to finish the series strongly."I've been having treatment over the last week and the pain is under control, I'm feeling stronger every day and I'm on a good position to go for it in Torun on Saturday."The 23-year-old needs just six points in the final round of the FIM Speedway Grand Prix to complete his terrific transition from promising underdog to world beater.Woffinden re-fractured his collarbone in heat two of the Rockklassiker Scandinavian SGP at Stockholm's Friends Arena on September 21 and bent the metal plate inserted when he shattered the bone at the Fogo British SGP in Cardiff's Millennium Stadium on June 1.But he admits he nearly walked away from the sport at the end of his SGP debut campaign in 2010, when he finished 14th in the standings and went through the heartbreak of losing his father and mentor Rob to cancer a month before the season.The Scunthorpe-born rider said: "I haven't told many people this, but when I got home after that year, my Dad had passed away and I'd had the worst season of my career, which has only been very short."I was sat at home in contact with a sports psychologist, thinking 'I'm not interested in going back to Europe to race. I don't want to do it.'"He made me write down on a piece of paper the pros and cons of both things and Britain had more pros on it. So I decided to give it another shot and I'm so happy I did. It would have been a massive shame if I didn't."Woffinden has matured beautifully since his first World Championship bid and heads to the Torun FIM Speedway Grand Prix of Poland calm and composed ahead of the biggest night of his career to date."I'm pretty relaxed about it all," he said. "I've been trying to keep a low profile over the last week. It's business as usual as far as I'm concerned. I will have the usual team around me in the pits and I'm going there focused to get the job done."I've always said my priority is to give my best in every race and we shall see if that's good enough. I'm aiming for a podium finish on Saturday night. I want to finish the series strongly."