    Hot Spot could yet be part of the decision review system in the Ashes series in Australia, despite host broadcaster Channel Nine's refusal to pay for the technology.
    The heat-sensor tool 
    
proved controversial 

     during England's summer Ashes win, but negotiations are under way for it to be utilised this winter.
    England back its use, and Snicko, another umpiring aid, may also feature. 
    "All we want as players is absolute clarity," said England's Ian Bell.
    Snicko uses soundwaves to detect if a batsman has edged a ball, while Hot Spot uses thermal imaging cameras. While there have been instances where a faint edge has not shown on Hot Spot, it is hoped using the two tools together can create a better decision review system.
    DRS was introduced in 2009, after an earlier trial, to help on-field umpires decide if a batsman should be given out.
    Hot Spot forms part of the system, using heat sensors and infrared cameras to determine what, if anything, the ball has made contact with.
    Its inventor, Warren Brennan, had said the technology would be scrapped for the winter series amid concerns over its 
    
cost and reliability.
    The system came under scrutiny during 
    
England's 3-0 victory at home 

     when several faint edges appeared to go undetected, with Brennan claiming protective tape on players' bats was diminishing its effectiveness.
    Former England captain 
    
Michael Vaughan 

     said at the time Hot Spot "had to go", adding Brennan had "admitted his system will not work".
    Snicko, meanwhile, uses sound from stump microphones to help detect if a batsman has edged the ball. 
    "I've always been a fan of DRS," said England wicketkeeper Matt Prior. 
    "If you are going to take the time out of the game, you have to get the right decision. So if we have more technology, better technology, fine. Use it all but as long as it's correct and accurate, that's the only thing. 
    "If the powers that be deem that Hot Spot is working again then fantastic, let's use it."
    England 
    
drew their opening Ashes warm-up match 

     against the Western Australia Chairman's XI in Perth and now travel to Hobart to face Australia A in a four-day game starting on 6 November.
    The 
    
first Test against Australia 

     in Brisbane begins on 21 November.
