    Forget cricket for a moment. What was Sachin Tendulkar's historical significance?
    Tendulkar's career has coincided with the emergence of India as a world power and an economic giant. So, by a quirk of history, the Little Master has for 24 years been a symbol of the rise of India. Perhaps he did more than that, and helped to inspire it.

“Greatness is never fully predestined; it has to be earned”
    Twenty-four years is a long time in sport. To find out just how long, watch some footage of Tendulkar's early career. His maiden Test hundred against England in 1990 proves the point.
    A boyish Michael Atherton, himself less than a year into international cricket, bowls Tendulkar some friendly leg-spinners. Atherton, after collecting over 100 Test caps, is now 12 years into his second career as a journalist and broadcaster. David Gower looks on wryly from the slip cordon. 
    The bowler whom Tendulkar hit for three runs to bring up his hundred was Angus Fraser. I played in a cricket match with Gus this summer: he's lost a yard or two over the last 24 years.
Archive: Tendulkar's maiden ton    Here is a measure of Tendulkar's longevity: the senior opponents Tendulkar played against in 1989 are up to 40 years older than kids he shares the field with today. Lamb and Botham have given way to Bairstow and Root; Tendulkar has been there all the way through.
    The changes in India have been no less profound over the period of Tendulkar's career. In 1989, the Indian economy languished in protectionism and introversion. Major international companies either ignored India altogether or tried and promptly gave up. Coca-Cola, for example, disappeared from India in 1977 (only to return in 1993).
    We forget just how much India has changed in 20 years. When I started playing cricket in India in the 1990s, the airports were abysmal; now they have some of the best in the world.
    The beginning of India's economic recovery was almost exactly the moment of Tendulkar's emergence as a global talent. Bankrupted by the rise in oil prices caused by the first Gulf War, India had to turn to the International Monetary Fund for an emergency bail-out in 1991.
    Humiliation led to renaissance. Manmohan Singh, given a licence to reform as finance minister, dismantled trade restrictions and opened up India to foreign investment.
    Anticipating economic revolution, Singh quoted Victor Hugo: "No power on Earth can stop an idea whose time has come."
    This was the backdrop of Tendulkar's career, and it fell to the Little Master - whether or not he craved the role - to embody and inspire a new India.
    Cricket increasingly provided India with a way of proving itself on the world stage. Indeed, never in the history of cricket has one nation possessed the following triple (as India does today): the World Cup trophy, the most lucrative domestic league and by far the greatest political clout in the game's international governance. Even English cricket, in the heyday of the MCC's hegemony, had to settle for two of those three prizes.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Cricket legends rate Tendulkar    Cricket has also become an engine of domestic growth. Without cricket, it is unlikely India would have evolved such sophisticated and lucrative television networks.
    As James Astill points out in his new book 
    
The Great Tamasha,  

     cricket is what Indians pay to watch. In 2011, Indian advertisers spent $3bn (£1.9bn) to buy airtime on televised cricket, a quarter of the total spent on TV advertising. Cricket hasn't just reflected Indian modernisation, it has also driven it.
    Sporting greatness is not just about talent, or even achievement. There is always context. For 24 years, Tendulkar has carried the passionate and irrational expectations of a billion people. When 
    
India won the World Cup in 2011, 

     Virat Kohli captured a deep truth: "He has carried the burden of our nation on his shoulders for the past 21 years. So it is time that we carried him." 
"He has carried the burden of our nation on his shoulders for the past 21 years. So it is time that we carried him," said Virat Kohli of Tendulkar after India won the 2011 World Cup