    England captain Alastair Cook says he is not worried about criticism from Shane Warne ahead of his side's penultimate Ashes warm-up match.
    Ex-Australia spinner Warne said Cook's captaincy is 
    
"negative" and "boring". 
    "It is water off a duck's back," said Cook. "It is something we have come to expect from him."
    "I prefer to judge people on outcomes rather than methods and England's results since Cook succeeded Andrew Strauss suggest he is doing a very good job."
    Cook, 28, missed England's 
    
first warm-up match 

     with a sore back but returns for the game against Australia A, which starts at 23:00 GMT on Tuesday.
    Warne also questioned opener Cook's captaincy during the summer when England beat Australia 3-0 to retain the Ashes.
    Although the Australian has revisited the subject before the return series gets under way on 21 November, Cook did not appear to be too perturbed.
    "We wouldn't really expect anything different in terms of an Australian slagging off an Englishman," said Cook. "That's pretty much how it is."
    Warne also questioned England's decision to open the batting with Joe Root, saying the 22-year-old's technique is not "tight" enough to come in at the top of the order. 
    "Joe Root has handled himself amazingly well in Test, one-day and T20 cricket," said Cook. 
     31 Oct-2 Nov: 

Drew with Western Australia Chairman's XI, 

     Perth
     6-9 Nov: 

    v Australia A, Hobart
     13-16 Nov:

     v New South Wales XI, Sydney
     21-25 Nov:

     1st Test, Brisbane
     29-30 Nov: 

    v Chairman's XI, Alice Springs
     5-9 Dec:

     2nd Test, Adelaide
     13-17 Dec: 

    3rd Test. Perth
     26-30 Dec:

     4th Test, Melbourne
     3-7 Jan 2014:

     5th Test, Sydney
    "I don't think I have seen a young player come in and adapt to any situation as well as he has. It is a real mark of quality that he can do that. 
    "We have got a good squad around him who have been there, seen it and done it. Hopefully, we can help him but he doesn't need too much help."
    England 
    
drew their opening tour match 

     in Perth and, as they prepare for the four-day encounter in Hobart - their penultimate match before the first Test in Brisbane - Cook says there are two places to fight for in the team.
    "The third seamer spot is probably up for grabs," said Cook. "And one of the batting spots. There is an opportunity for people to stake a claim."
