    Fast bowlers you can duck. Spinners you can try to attack. 
    Form? Now there's the real frightener for a Test batsman: illogical and invisible; with you one moment, gone the next. And, when it inexplicably departs, as capable of reducing a man to rubble as any rampaging paceman.
    "There are times when you don't even want to go to the ground," says 
    
Ian Bell, England's leading man 

     as they fly to Australia, but in the past sometimes frozen in the spotlight. "It can be that hard. 

“Runs. That's what people notice. And that can be frustrating, because you might make 10, and think - that is the best 10 runs I've ever got.”
    "Can it change you as person? 100%. It can obsess you. It did in the early part of my career. There are times when getting to 30 feels a million miles away. And then suddenly you're in form, and getting to 30 just happens."
    This summer, it just happened. 
    In 16 Test innings against Australia at home before the start of the year, Bell averaged 21. In six weeks this time around, he racked up 562 runs at an average of 62, equalling the English record for a five-match home Ashes set by Denis Compton back in 1948.
    Why the transformation? Even in the preceding series against New Zealand he averaged just 18, with a top score of 31. What brought his mojo mysteriously back?
    "We had a three-day training session at Loughborough before the Ashes," he says, sitting in the home dressing room at Edgbaston on a brisk autumn morning, "and something just clicked in the nets. 
    "It was only a slight technical thing - a slight backlift tweak - but because I'd spotted that thing, although I didn't have a lot of runs behind me, I went into the first Test feeling very confident. 
    "I got 26 in the first innings, under lights, in swinging conditions, and although it was only 26, I felt really good. I felt that was the best I'd played all summer.
    "Suddenly it felt like a different game altogether."
    Different game, different result. Without Bell's runs, England might have lost a series they went on to take 3-0. 
"Gooch's training is about the physical as much as the technical: net sessions where each delivery is followed by 10 burpees, shuttle-runs between bouncers"