    Nottinghamshire and England opening batsman Alex Hales has signed a new deal with his county which allows him to play in the Indian Premier League.
    The world's top-ranked T20 batsman, 24, was barred from playing in the 2013 IPL tournament by Notts.
    But the new contract, which runs until 2016, means Hales can play in the next three IPL tournaments if he secures a deal worth more than $400,000 per year.

“It did cross my mind to go freelance and focus on T20 full-time but I've had time to think and I'm still driven to do well in four-day cricket and to break into England's one-day setup”
    Director of cricket Mick Newell said it showed a "mutual will to compromise".
    "We were very keen to secure an extended commitment from Alex and he was understandably keen to enter the IPL auction," Newell commented.
    "It's hard for us to deny an individual the opportunity to earn life-changing amounts of money.
    "But the team also has to be considered so it made sense to allow him to enter the auction to see if there is sufficient interest in his services to secure a high-value contract.
    "It feels like the right time to allow him to maximise the financial opportunities that go hand in hand with his track record."
    Hales has scored 665 runs in 21 T20 internationals for England and is likely to be in demand in February's IPL auction.
    Hales, who will leave for Australia at the start of December to prepare for a stint with Adelaide Strikers in the Big Bash, said: "I'm pleased to have come to an agreement with Notts because I want to spend my entire career here.
Matches2184Innings2183Runs6652343Highest score9999Average39.1130.42Strike rate135.99139.21100s0050s619Fours69253Sixes1976
Full stats available at Cricinfo 
    "I hope that will happen now that I've been given the opportunity to enter the auction."
    Hales was a leading performer for Notts Outlaws in white-ball cricket last season but 
    
struggled in the Championship 

     and he did consider walking away from his Notts contract.
    "Last season was tough for me because I was sky high in two formats and at rock bottom with the red ball," he said.
    "It did cross my mind to go freelance and focus on T20 full-time, but I've had time to think and I'm still driven to do well in four-day cricket and to break into England's one-day setup."
    Notts all-rounder Samit Patel has also been granted permission to enter the auction and will be allowed to play if he gets a top-bracket deal, while discussions are ongoing with Hales' fellow opener Michael Lumb.
    Newell has said he is in advanced talks with an established batsman who will provide cover for Hales in the opening weeks of the domestic season.
