    There is something faintly absurd about journalists ranking the deeds of our finest sportsmen and women: who am I, to whom greatness is a stranger, to judge greatness in others? 
    And how 'great', really, is someone who happens to have been conferred with the talent of ball control? 
    
Nelson Mandela-great?  

     Give me a break.
    Yet there was lionisation of gladiators in ancient Rome and wrestlers in ancient Greece, suggesting it is inherent in humans to be awed by the athletic prowess of others. 
    No pub bores back in Neolithic times, but there were probably caves full of blokes arguing over who was the greatest tree-climber ever. Even Mandela, usually taken up with more cerebral matters, admits one of his biggest heroes is Muhammad Ali.
     Test matches (198)

    He has scored 
        15,837

     runs at an average of 
        53.86, 

    hitting 
        51 tons

     and 
        67 half centuries.

     His top score was an 
        unbeaten 248

     against Bangladesh in Dhaka in December 2004
     One-day internationals (463)

    He has scored 
        18,426

     runs at an average of 
        44.83

     and a strike rate of 
        86.23.

     He has scored 
        49 centuries

     (highest score 
        200)

     and 
        96 fifties

     Twenty20 internationals

    He only made 
        one 

    international appearance in the shortest form of the game, scoring 
        12

     from 15 balls against South Africa in Johannesburg in December 2006
    So, let's have it then: 
    
as he announces he will retire from cricket next month after his 200th Test, 

     how great is Sachin Tendulkar? 
    To answer that question, it is necessary to define sporting greatness. Then we must address how closely Tendulkar fits each component part of that definition. Don't worry, this isn't a university thesis, but Tendulkar hagiographies will be everywhere in the coming days and weeks.

When Andrew Flintoff retired from cricket in 2009  

     arguments raged in the media and in pubs across the land as to whether he was great or not. Some said not, because the first component part of greatness is cold hard statistics.
    In 79 Tests and 141 one-day internationals, Flintoff scored eight centuries and took five five-wicket hauls, and never a 10-for. 
    
South Africa's Jacques Kallis  

     has to date played 162 Tests and 321 ODIs, scoring 61 centuries and taking seven five-wicket hauls. In addition, his bowling average in Tests is better than Flintoff's (the Englishman's ODI bowling average is, admittedly, markedly lower).
    If a great cricketer is someone whose numbers are comparatively better than all or almost all of his contemporaries, then Kallis qualifies. Flintoff does not. Tendulkar, meanwhile, has scored 29 more tons than the next highest century-maker in international cricket, Ricky Ponting, which puts the Indian out on his own. Miles out, in fact, just like 
    
Don Bradman's vertiginous batting average. 
    Flintoff was a cricketer who occasionally did great things, which is different from being a truly great cricketer. Which takes us to our next component parts of greatness - longevity and consistency of performance.
Heavyweight boxer Muhammad Ali is considered by many to be the greatest sportsperson ever