    New Wigan signing Tony Clubb says he has no regrets about making his desire to leave London Broncos public.
    In an interview with Forty-20 magazine in July, the forward said he 
    
wanted to quit as he was "sick of losing"  

     and did not play for the club again.
    Clubb, 26, told 
    
BBC London 94.9: 

     "It was probably more frustration at the time but I don't regret what I said."
    The England international's Broncos team-mate, Dan Sarginson, is 
    
also joining double winners Wigan.
    In 2014 they will swap London, who only avoided bottom spot in the table by 
    
winning their final two Super League matches, 

     for a Wigan side that 
    
won the Challenge Cup at Wembley in August 

     and also 
    
October's Grand Final.

“If London weren't there, what would have happened? Thankfully they were. I was in the right place at the right time, London picked me up and now I'm moving to Wigan”
    Financial problems dominated the 2013 season in the capital and, 
    
with the future of the Broncos uncertain, 

     several members of the first-team squad - including hooker Tommy Lee [to Salford], utility back Luke Dorn and prop Scott Wheeldon [both to Castleford] - have departed.
    "I was sick of losing," continued Clubb, who had a spell as captain of the Broncos last term. "It was the manner we were losing. I'll pick up on the Warrington game - to 
    
get beaten by 80 points 

     was embarrassing for me, for the players and for our fans.
    "We had a bad season considering the players we had brought in over the past couple of years, we brought a new coach in, and how we finished the season before. I thought things were going to go well but it didn't pan out that way."
    Although unhappy with the way his time with the Broncos ended, Gravesend-born Clubb added that he owes a lot to the club for helping his career.
    "I'm thankful for what they've done for me as a player and a person, and I won't forget that," he said.
    "If London weren't there, what would have happened? Thankfully they were. I was in the right place at the right time, London picked me up and now I'm moving to Wigan."
