    The new England home kit, if you haven't seen it, is much like many others. The same cannot be said of the man chosen to model it in Leeds on Tuesday afternoon.
    Marland Yarde has only been playing rugby for seven years. He made his professional debut only three years ago, and watched the last round of autumn internationals high in the stands at Twickenham. Eleven months on, he is the insiders' tip to be picked on the wing when England meet Australia on the first weekend in November.
    Born in Castries, St Lucia on 20 April 1992
    Made London Irish competitive debut in November 2010 LV= Cup game against Sale Sharks, scoring a try on his first appearance
    First Premiership appearance came against Harlequins in September 2011
    Made full Test debut against Argentina in June, scoring two tries
    Is the 21-year-old intimidated by the hype that has grown around him, dizzied by his rapid rise through the ranks? On the surface at least, not a bit of it.
    "No-one puts more pressure on me than myself," he says. "I'm by no means the finished article, and I still feel like I've got a lot to learn in my game. But I'm trying to learn as quickly as I can."
    Six foot tall, weighing just a steak or two under 15 stone, Yarde is a wrecking-ball of a wing, delighting in smashing through tackles as much as stepping and dipping. In five starts for London Irish this season he has four tries, a marked upturn on his strike rate of five from his previous 22 Premiership matches prior to this campaign.
    There is pace, for sure, but there is also explosive power, and both a strength at the breakdown and appetite for destruction in the tackle.
    His coach at the Exiles, former England backs coach Brian Smith, reckons he can improve by more than 25%. In which case, national head coach Stuart Lancaster has even greater reason to be grateful that Yarde's mother opted to leave her native St Lucia to study law in London in 2001 and bring her nine-year-old son with her.
    Yarde's father may make more headlines - his first name, remarkably, is Scotland - but it was Marina who first encouraged his sporting ambitions and then, on a fateful November morning in 2003, allowed her son to sit in front of the television and watch his first game of rugby.
    Spectators have endured less edifying debuts. Yarde may not have had a clue who Jonny Wilkinson was, but the 
    
sight of him winning the World Cup 

     for England that morning had an immediate and lasting impact.
Sarah Hunter, Marland Yarde and Brad Barritt model England's new kits on Tuesday