    "I only felt pain - being numb was better."
    If 
    
Graeme Fowler,  

     an English cricketer who scored a century against West Indies when that was something to ring church bells for, was talking about a broken thumb you would not bat an eyelid.
    Injuries are occupational hazards in professional sport. Everybody gets them and everybody has to get over them.
    But what if this is an injury you cannot see? What if the pain is in your head and you cannot tell anybody about it?
    Fowler was one of the most exciting domestic batsmen of the 1980s and never looked like a man in turmoil at the crease, which was more than could usually be said of the national team.
    This image of a man without too many cares was seemingly confirmed by his reputation as a dressing-room joker and later as a cheery presence in the 
    
BBC broadcasting booth.
    But by 2004 his occasional bouts of dark introspection had become serious. He had not left the house for six weeks and was unable to do even the simplest of tasks. 
    The coping strategies that got him through previous episodes - days spent in front of the television, with the curtains drawn and the phone off the hook - had stopped working, and his family was worried.
    He would eventually get help in the form of counselling and "massive medication" - an experience he describes as "like living behind plate glass" - and the 56-year-old now fills his time with media work and 
    
coaching at Durham University. 
 From the Professional Players' Federation 2013 study of 1,200 former sportsmen
    There is a temptation to take this story and construct a picture of a profession in denial about the size of its problem with mental health. 
    It is the same thing that happens when people watch 
    
Crimewatch 

     and assume crime must be on the up, or when you get a spate of shark attacks in the news. Perceptions about how common something is are influenced by our ability to recall previous examples. Academics call this the 
    
"availability heuristic".
    Fowler's experiences call to mind the similar cases of England cricketers 
    
Marcus Trescothick  

     and 
    
Michael Yardy. 

     And from there it is an easy jump to the tragic tales of 
    
Robert Enke,
Justin Fashanu 

     and 
    
Gary Speed, 

     three footballers whose problems ended in suicide.
    A good example of this line of reasoning is the theory that 
    
cricketers are twice as likely to commit suicide 

     as the average British male. This claim was made by David Frith, the founding editor of Wisden Cricket Monthly, in his 2001 book 
    
"Silence of the Heart",  

     a follow-up to his earlier work on the same subject, "By His Own Hand".
    Frith's argument, however, had 
    
two flaws:  

     he was using an incorrect number for total annual suicides, and his sample size (339 England cricketers) was just not big enough. The truth is that cricketers are no more likely to commit suicide than the rest of us.
    Estimates of how common mental health problems are in the UK vary, but a figure of 
    
one in four  

     adults experiencing a "diagnosable problem" in any given year is a good benchmark. 
    The Professional Players' Federation (PPF), an umbrella group for the UK's biggest players' associations, came up with a similar figure from 
    
its recent study  

     of 1,200 former professional cricketers, jockeys, footballers and rugby players. 
    The purpose of the research was to discover how easily former pros made the transition between their sports careers and whatever they do next. The answer was that many find it very hard, particularly in the first two years.
    One in three admitted to not feeling in control of their lives, with almost one in four saying they had problems with 
    
addiction, depression or money. 

     The report's authors suggested this might underestimate the problem, as some respondents were still unwilling to admit they were struggling.
    And that is sport's real problem.
German goalkeeper Robert Enke killed himself in November 2009