Coverage: Full match commentary on BBC Radio Devon (95.8 FM and online) and on BBC Hereford & Worcester (104 FM, 104.6 FM and online), match report on BBC Sport website.    Exeter make three changes to their starting line-up for the visit of the bottom club, winless Worcester.
    Loose head prop Brett Sturgess, hooker Jack Yeandle and winger Fetu'u Vainikolo all return.
    After successive weekends on Challenge Cup duty, Worcester make eight changes from the side 
    
beaten 16-11 at home by Newcastle on 5 October.
    Ofa Fainga'anuku makes his debut, while Agustin Creevy and Mariano Galarza both make their first Premiership start.

Fellow Argentine Ignacio Mieres also comes back into the Worcester team at stand-off, in place of Paul Warwick, to face his former club.
    Worcester captain Jonathan Thomas switches to number eight alongside Jake Abbott and Richard de Carpentier, who is given his first Premiership start of the campaign, while another youngster Dean Hammond keeps his place on the right wing.
    After starting at Sixways with five straight Premiership defeats, on top of he five losses with which they ended last season, Warriors coach Dean Ryan is still seeking his first win as boss, after a draw at Oyonnax and 
    
a home defeat by Sale in the Challenge Cup.
    Exeter, who have former Worcester forward Kai Horstmann on the bench, did the double over Worcester last season, 
    
winning last season's corresponding fixture 33-9 at Sandy Park.
    Vainikolo's promotion from the Exeter bench means that Welshman Tom James is recalled to first team duty having recovered from an ankle injury sustained a fortnight ago.
    Sturgess replaces Ben Moon, Yeandle comes in for Chris Whitehead and Vainikolo takes over on the wing from Ian Whitten, who is nursing a first-half hamstring injury in last weekend's 20-16 Heineken Cup defeat by Glasgow Warriors.
     Worcester director of Rugby Dean Ryan:

    "We are up against a side who have got bucket loads of desire and commitment.
    "The template they have built has succeeded. They've built around a core group of people who have illustrated the behaviour they want.
    "And they have allowed opportunities for youngsters around that. Rob Baxter has done a fantastic job there." 
     Exeter: 

    Dollman; Vainikolo, Shoemark, Hill, Jess; Steenson, Lewis; Sturgess, Yeandle, Tui, Mumm (capt), Welch, Johnson, White, Ewers.
     Replacements: 

    Whitehead, Moon, Brown, Armand, Horstmann, Thomas, Slade, James.
     Worcester: 

    Pennell; Hammond, Grove, Matavesi, Lemi; Mieres, Arr; Fainga'anuku, Creevy, Murray; Schofield, Galarza, de Carpentier, Abbott, Thomas (capt).
     Replacements:

     Brooker, Becasseau, O'Donnell, Williams, Jones, Su'a, Warwick, Howard. 
