    Barry O'Driscoll is looking forward to the weekend. The Cheshire-based doctor is heading to Dublin to attend a testimonial event for his nephew, Irish legend Brian O'Driscoll. 
    But Barry is also a troubled man. 
    For 15 years the former Ireland full-back has been one of rugby union's insiders, and as a respected expert he sat on the International Rugby Board (IRB) medical committee.
    But he is now at loggerheads with the game he loves over the issue of concussion, and has 
    
resigned in protest  

    at the decision to trial a new protocol for dealing with head injuries, the Pitch-Side Concussion Assessment (PSCA).
    Under the previous IRB approach, any player suspected of suffering from concussion had to leave the pitch and take a week off, a period already reduced from three weeks under an earlier rule. The new guidelines say a player can return to the game just five minutes after the injury, providing a medical inspection clears him of concussion.
    "For someone with suspected concussion, all the top scientists say you take them off and watch them that night," says O'Driscoll, who played in the 1971 Five Nations Championship.

“You would finish games and you wouldn't remember the score, or how you played”
    "If they incorporate the 'five-minute rule' I think you're putting people with brain damage back on the field, and the arena they're going back into is brutal.
    "The game has changed since I played. It's now a big commercial sport, so what's important is to get the spectators in, get the television in. They love the big hits.
    "The players have said 'well, we know we're guinea pigs, but that's the deal'. It's our job not to make them guinea pigs in an experiment like this."
    According to Rugby Football Union data, concussion is the most common injury in the professional game, with 
    
5.1 instances for every 1,000 hours   

    of rugby played.

Players are now on average more than a stone heavier  

    (7.2kg) than they were 20 years ago, and the force of their collisions can be the equivalent of what the body experiences in a car crash.
    Until last year Nic Berry was one of O'Driscoll's "guinea pigs". A man who decided playing rugby for a living was worth the risk of occasionally getting his bell rung. 
    Except it was not occasionally. Two seasons ago he suffered nine concussions playing scrum-half for English Premiership team Wasps.
    "I could take a knock, and know that I had taken a knock - I'd have blurred vision, and be a bit disorientated," says the 29-year-old Australian.
    "But if you could keep up with play, you would probably continue. The bad ones you don't remember, though, you don't get up."
    Berry was eventually forced to retire when he failed to get up from a tackle in Wasps' season-opener against Harlequins in front of 60,000 fans at Twickenham. He wanted to carry on but a neurologist refused to pass him fit.
    "You would finish games and you wouldn't remember the score, or how you played," he adds.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Dr Barry O'Driscoll, a former Ireland international, says the IRB's concussion policy is 'confused'    "I knew it wasn't normal, but all my tests were saying I hadn't suffered any permanent damage yet, so I took confidence from that.
    "But I look back now and it's plain to see, a bloke who can't stand up straight probably shouldn't be playing.  
    "I don't hold any resentment to those coaches, or the medical staff, they were following the protocol. And rugby players have got pressures like anyone else - families and mortgages. That probably led to a few instances when I shouldn't have played." 
    O'Driscoll understands this. He knows these competitors do not want to leave the game, as was witnessed by millions when 
    
a groggy George Smith   

    returned to field in the deciding Lions Test this summer, or when his nephew Brian got "dinged" and played on in the Six Nations against Italy.
    His anger is directed at the authorities. He believes the IRB's approach to concussion is, in keeping with the symptoms, "confused and contradictory". 
    "It gives everyone the impression they don't really know what they're doing. It's an awful message to send out to players and parents," he adds.
    His prescription for rugby is to err on the side of caution: anyone suspected of concussion sits out for a mandatory week. 
    For its part, the IRB says player welfare is a priority. It claims 
    
the PSCA   

    is supported by experts and the players, and says it is working. 
    "Prior to the PSCA triage tool, players were being assessed on the field by team medics under considerable pressure in a match environment," an IRB spokesman said. 
    "Data suggests that 56% of players with a post-match confirmed concussion returned to the field under the previous protocol. In the first year of the PSCA trial that figure has dropped to 13%."
    The IRB also said referees have been asked to crack down on deliberate hits to the head, and an age-specific approach is being taken to when a player is ready to return. Younger, more vulnerable, players must sit out longer than a week.
    O'Driscoll is not convinced. For him, if a player is injured enough to warrant a pitch-side assessment, he should be suspected of concussion and withdrawn. Five minutes is not long enough, he says, to assess the extent of any potential brain trauma.
    Berry agrees, saying: "If a player can't walk off the field unassisted, he shouldn't be going back on in the next five minutes. I think that's crazy." 
    This will all sound very familiar to American ears.
    Two decades ago, concussions were thought to be an inconvenience in the National Football League - as much of an occupational hazard as a groin strain or broken thumb.
NFL great Junior Seau shot himself in the chest just two years after retiring from the sport, an autopsy found he had suffered from the chronic brain disease Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy