The Second NFL international Series matchJacksonville Jaguars linebacker Paul Posluszny hopes conditions will prove to be a leveller when they face the San Francisco 49ers at Wembley on Sunday.The Jaguars are one of only two teams without a win so far this season and head into the second game in the International Series having scored only 76 points in their seven games so far.Posluszny is part of a defense that has conceded 222 points, worst of all 32 NFL teams, but he feels the bad weather forecast for Sunday could help them out."That would be a fun day for us, a fun day for the defense, because we know they are going to run the ball a lot. It will be a very physical game and that's what makes it fun for the linebackers and D-line," Posluszny said.
Live on Sky Sports

Live NFL
Jacksonville Jaguars v San Francisco 49ers
October 27, 2013 4:00pm



Remote Record
Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports


"One of the primary jobs of a linebacker is to get to the football and stop the run. That's what we do best, so to have an opportunity of a game like this is what you hope for."We've been underdogs a lot of the season but this is an opportunity for us to compete at a high level and get better. We want to focus on our abilities and do the best job we can to win."Playing against Colin Kaepernick is going to be a challenge because he has great athleticism for a quarterback. He runs the ball really well and he can throw the ball downfield, so any time you have a dual threat quarterback like that it's very challenging for the defense."We're going to have to have a great game plan set up for them. in this situation we need to be able to stop the run and be physical, and be tight in coverage down the field."It's been great so far. Everybody's been extremely nice to us. We got a chance to see London a little bit, which is an unbelievable city, and we're excited to play the game."Coach Gus Bradley rejoined the Jaguars on Wednesday after the death of his father, and Posluszny revealed that just added to the team's desire to get their first win of the season.He added: "It has really brought us together a lot because we rally behind coach Bradley. He's an unbelievable coach and an unbelievable guy. We're fortunate to be on his team and we want to show our best abilities to represent him."