Coverage: Watch England's group matches and Wales v Italy, plus one quarter-final, one semi-final and the final live on BBC TV, online, mobiles and Connected TVs. Listen to every match live on BBC Radio 5 or 5 live sports extra    England have named three Burgess brothers in a 19-man squad for Saturday's World Cup opener with Australia at the Millennium Stadium.
    Sam Burgess is joined by uncapped twins George and Thomas, while Wigan second-rower Liam Farrell is also set to win his first cap. 
    Canterbury prop James Graham has been left out of the squad.
    "The players have trained well all week and we are ready to take on Australia," said coach Steve McNamara.
    "There is a sense of anticipation and determined resolve amongst the group."
    Huddersfield's Brett Ferres - called into the squad 
    
after Gareth Hock was removed 

     - is also in line for a full international debut, while Wigan captain Sean O'Loughlin, who has been injured, misses out.
    Sam, George and Tom Burgess will be aiming to emulate the Henderson brothers - Kevin, Ian and Andrew - who all played in the 2008 World Cup for Scotland
    McNamara added: "This is what we have all been working for over the last few years. We know we are going to have play well to win.
    "Our focus on the tournament and throughout the year has been about being the best we can be. We respect all opponents but the aim is to focus on ourselves and continue to improve.
    "You sense there is real momentum around the tournament. As a team you want to play on the biggest stages of all and nothing can beat that. We are very excited to be playing at one of the most iconic stadiums in the world and our aim is to put on a performance that excites the nation."
    England's preparations for the tournament suffered a setback last weekend with a shock 
    
15-14 defeat against Italy 

     in a non-cap warm-up match at Salford.
    But Australia coach Tim Sheens still believes his team must stop Sam Burgess if they are to make a winning start to their World Cup campaign.
    Sheens compares the 24-year-old South Sydney forward's ability to New Zealand great Sonny Bill Williams.
    "Sam is without doubt the quality player in that pack. He was all class the other day even in that loss [to Italy]. 
    "You could see when he put the foot down, he was a handful. 
    "Burgess is to England what Sonny Bill is to New Zealand. He's the class player. They provide the X factor for those teams."
    Prop Andrew Fifita could make his Australia debut in the match.
    The 24-year-old Cronulla forward, one of two uncapped players in the 24-man squad, will start as a substitute.
    Brett Morris is named on the wing ahead of Jarryd Hayne, while players from Grand Finalists Sydney Roosters and Manly have been overlooked.
    Veteran Brent Tate starts at centre in place of the injured Justin Hodges.
     England: 

    Carl Ablett, George Burgess, Sam Burgess, Thomas Burgess, Rob Burrow, Josh Charnley, Rangi Chase, Leroy Cudjoe, Liam Farrell, Brett Ferres, Ryan Hall, Chris Hill, Lee Mossop, James Roby, Kevin Sinfield (captain), Sam Tomkins, Kallum Watkins, Ben Westwood, Gareth Widdop.
     Australia: 

    Billy Slater; Brett Morris, Greg Inglis, Brent Tate, Darius Boyd; Johnathan Thurston, Cooper Cronk, Matthew Scott, Cameron Smith (capt), James Tamou, Greg Bird, Sam Thaiday, Paul Gallen. Interchange: Andrew Fifita, Luke Lewis, Robbie Farah, Corey Parker, Jarryd Hayne, Nate Miles.
