    Unfancied, unheralded and perhaps underestimated. Scotland, Italy and the United States have been the success stories of the Rugby League World Cup so far.
    These three World Cup also-rans are all still unbeaten after Scotland and Italy produced the match of the tournament so far. 

Their thrilling 30-30 draw 

     sets up a huge Thursday night in Salford, where the US and Scotland meet with both teams eyeing a shock place in the quarter-finals. 
    After a glorious drive through the Lake District on Sunday I arrived at Derwent Park at exactly the same time as the Italy team coach. 
Rugby League World Cup highlights: Scotland 30-30 Italy     The players bounced off the bus and all immediately shivered, inhaled deeply, and sprinted into their tiny changing room at the homely old ground. 
    Having enjoyed the hospitality of Cardiff's Millennium Stadium last week, this was a visible shock to the system for the Azzurri. Welcome to Workington. 
    Scotland's coach then arrived, led in by a bagpiper, and the players strolled through in their kilts without a climatic care. Workington was expecting a full house, and indeed had the "house full" signs ready, such is the appetite for the game in a region that maintains substantial claims for a Super League franchise. 
    Before the game, Scotland coach Steve McCormack could not speak highly enough of the welcome his squad had received. 
    "This community has got behind us and the World Cup. Everywhere we have been the support has been immense. The backroom team and staff have got into the community and done their work too," he said. 
    As the Scotland team chatted by the tunnel a couple of hours before kick-off, it was clear this was the biggest game in the lives of many of their players. 
    A Scotland win would mean pole position in Group C for the Bravehearts, while a win for Italy would provide the same prize, and complete a remarkable Home Nations hat-trick following 
    
wins over Wales 

     last week and 
    
England 

     in their final warm-up the week before. 
    The USA top Group D after beating the Cook Islands and eliminating Wales from the tournament with their impressive victory on Sunday.
    "Italy are an outstanding team," said McCormack. "Nobody expected this game to mean as much as it does. Nobody expected us or Italy to do anything."  
    As the crowd filled up the old terraces and the players disappeared to get changed I hopped up to the commentary position to set up for our 5 live commentary. 
    Half a dozen members of the Italian coaching staff were already sitting there eating burgers and it turned out the two seats for me and our expert analyst Jon Wells were right in the middle of the group. 
    While being a little disconcerting, this also provided a fascinating insight into the game. There was frustration, anger, and a lot of rocking back and forth in the seats from coach Carlo Napolitano and his team as Scotland surged 14-0 ahead. 
The view from the commentary box at Derwent Park