Coverage: Live TV, radio and online coverage of all England's group matches and Wales v Italy, plus one quarter-final, one semi-final and the final. Listen to every match live on BBC Radio 5 live or sports extra    The 14th Rugby League World Cup begins on 26 October with England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland aiming to end 38 years of southern hemisphere dominance.
    The 14-team tournament sees 28 matches taking place across England, Wales, Ireland and France.
    England, where the bulk of the games are being played, begin proceedings when they host Australia in the double-headed opener at Cardiff on Saturday.
    Steve McNamara's men are only third favourites - behind overwhelming front-runners Australia and holders New Zealand - to be crowned world champions at Manchester's Old Trafford stadium on 30 November.
Rugby League World Cup: 1972 - Superb Sullivan secures GB win    Scotland, Wales and Ireland are considered rank outsiders to become the first northern hemisphere winners 
    
since a unified Great Britain team triumphed in the 1972 edition.
    The World Cup is viewed as the latest event in the UK's 'golden decade of sport', which centred around 
    
London 2012 

     and also includes the 
    
Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games 

     and the 
    
2015 Rugby Union World Cup.
    Domestic governing body the 
    
Rugby Football League  

     hopes the tournament can capitalise on the success of last year's Olympic and Paralympic Games and boost the profile of the sport, helping it to expand beyond its traditional Yorkshire, Lancashire and Cumbrian heartlands.
    "The World Cup is a wonderful opportunity to reach out to new audiences who want to be involved in the next major international sporting event after London 2012," said Rugby League World Cup tournament director Nigel Wood.
    "Ticket sales have been very encouraging, with strong buying patterns from people who have never previously bought tickets for rugby league events."
    Here, BBC Sport tells you everything you need to know about the competition's teams, format, venues and history.
POOL APOOL BPOOL CPOOL DAustraliaNew ZealandScotlandWalesEnglandFranceTongaCook IslandsFijiPapua New GuineaItalyUSAIrelandSamoa    With an ever-changing format, long gaps between tournaments and on-field mismatches, the Rugby League World Cup has not been easy for supporters, new and old, to follow.
    But the last edition, hosted by Australia in 2008, proved to be a resounding success, drawing large crowds and an impressive worldwide television audience.
    It prompted the 
    
Rugby League International Federation  

     to approve a proposal 
    
to expand from 10 to 14 teams for this year's tournament.
Rugby League World Cup: 1954 - Britain win first competition    Pool A and Pool B are each comprised of four teams, including Australia and England in the former and New Zealand in the latter, and the top three sides from those groups will progress to the quarter-finals.
    There are only three teams in each of Pool C and Pool D, which means the sides play each other and then one nation from the opposite group. Only the group winners earn a place in the last eight.
    "The idea is that we don't have any of the blow-outs that you see in other World Cups," said communications manager Martin Johnson.
    "So every team will go into the group stages thinking they have a chance of winning their group, although that will be a bit harder in the elite groups. 
    "But every team in groups C and D has a chance of winning a game and no team should go home without scoring a few tries - and that's better for the supporters and better for the development of the game."
    Former England skipper 
        Jamie Peacock,

     who is part of BBC Sport's commentary team for the World Cup and will have a weekly column on the website, played almost 50 times for England and Great Britain before 
    
retiring from international duty in June 2012.
    The Leeds Rhinos prop, 35, analyses the chances of each of the home nations, Australia and New Zealand.
Australia's Johnathan Thurston