Coverage: Watch England's group matches and Wales v Italy, plus one quarter-final, one semi-final and the final live on BBC TV, online, mobiles and Connected TVs. Listen to every match live on BBC Radio 5 or 5 live sports extra    England and Australia will kick off the 14th World Cup at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday in the first game of a double-header in Cardiff.
    The Kangaroos suffered 
    
a shock defeat by New Zealand in 2008, 

     and the Kiwis are one of 14 teams in the competition, alongside debutants Italy and the USA.
    There will be 28 matches in England, Wales, Ireland and France with the final at Old Trafford on 30 November.
    Wales take on Italy in Saturday's second game in Cardiff.
    Co-hosts Wales are in Group C, while Italy are in Group D, with the two groups of weaker nations playing each other to produce two quarter-finalists - a format designed to ensure every team in the competition 
    
has a chance of scoring tries and winning a game.
     Group A:

     Australia, England, Fiji, Ireland
     Group B:

     New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, France, Samoa
     Group C:

     Scotland, Tonga, Italy
     Group D:

     Wales, Cook Islands, United States

Full World Cup schedule
    Three teams will also advance into the quarter-finals from each of groups A and B, containing the stronger nations.
    The Azzurri - at 13th the second-lowest ranked team in the World Cup - stunned Steve McNamara's England men in a warm-up match, 
    
winning 15-14 in Salford.
    But England will be boosted knowing they possess a pack containing 
    
the Burgess trio of Sam, George and Thomas 

     from NRL side South Sydney Rabbitohs, as well as 
    
Grand Final winner Sam Tomkins 

     at full-back.
    St Helens hooker 
        James Roby

     insists the side are ready for the clash against eight-time champions Australia.
    "We know we need to perform and we know we need to improve a hell of a lot," said Roby. "They've been a similar team for the last few years. We've played against them a number of times so we know what to expect.
    "The NRL lads are playing against them week in, week out so they'll have a few things that we might not know and that can only help us."
    Overwhelming favourites Australia, boast a team consisting of Johnathan Thurston, Cooper Cronk, Cameron Smith and Billy Slater who all play together for Queensland in the State of Origin.
    Australia coach 
        Tim Sheens

     is expecting an England backlash following the defeat by Italy.
Rugby League World Cup: Pundits' Picks    "I know Steve will be disappointed but, to me, a side that's embarrassed is a dangerous side," said Sheens.
    "I saw what I wanted to see, but, as far as the result is concerned, that's for England to worry about, not me. My concern is to make sure that we're on song for our first game."
    New Zealand, in Group B with Papua New Guinea, France and Samoa, will be looking to emulate the success of five years ago when they picked up the trophy for the first time.
    And they will buoyed by 
    
the late inclusion 

     of dual-code international 
        Sonny Bill Williams

     who won the NRL title with Sydney Roosters.
    Williams is confident he can cope with the pressure of bidding to become the first player to win World Cups in both rugby league and rugby union.
    "From the start of this season, there was a lot of pressure. I had everything to lose and the pressure was firmly on me," he said.
    "I guess I kind of thrive on that. It gets the best out of me. I seem to be able to push that to one side and focus on all the little things."
Rugby League World Cup: New Zealand shock Australia in 2008    Wales are making their third appearance in the tournament and coach 
        Iestyn Harris

     expects his side to reach the quarter-finals.
    "The crucial thing for us is to get out of the group," he said.
    "We've got three difficult opponents. When you get through your group, then it's knockout football and that's where you want to be."
    Scotland coach 
        Steve McCormack

     hopes skipper Danny Brough of Huddersfield Giants can lead his side by example, with the Bravehearts set to face Tonga and Italy.
    "You don't get the 
    
Man of Steel 

     by not being a good player," said McCormack.
    "We're not a team of superstars, but we're a team of really good players that work very hard together. Danny is at the head of that. He works exceptionally hard."
    Ireland have been handed a tough group alongside England, Australia and Fiji, and coach 
        Mark Aston

     said: "We haven't had the luxury of going to South Africa for a training camp but we're coming together. 
    "It's a case of blending individuals into a collective and the group are getting close."
