Coverage: Live BBC TV, radio and online coverage of all England's group matches and Wales v Italy, plus one quarter-final, one semi-final and the final    Bang. That is how you are supposed to start month-long sports competitions. 
    Grab the public's attention and take them on an incident-packed journey to a climactic contest for the big prize.
    The organisers of the 2000 Rugby League World Cup must have missed that memo.
    They opted for a double-header in Paris and Ireland versus Samoa in rugby league hotbed Belfast, before finally getting to England against Australia at a half-empty Twickenham. Stretched across 27 venues in six countries, the 12th Rugby League World Cup was a textbook case of how not to do it. 
    The most ambitious tournament in the sport's history - and the last Rugby World Cup to be held in the northern hemisphere - lost nearly £700,000. 
    "We don't want to dwell too much on 2000. We have put it behind us," says RFL chief executive Nigel Wood.
    "There is a different team of executives now and we think there's a groundswell of optimism coming into the competition."
    To be fair, the 2013 edition, which starts in Cardiff on Saturday, looks very different: fewer teams and venues, a proper organising committee, a host-city bidding process, an innovative format and what promises to be 
    
a decent England team.
    But more important than the tweaks, and the possibility of 
    
a first British win since 1972, 

     is the sense that this World Cup might be the first to work out what it is for.	

Having started in France in 1954 

     - 33 years before those conservative, rugby union types got their acts together - rugby league's big show had already been through about half a dozen changes by the time it got to its 11th instalment in 1995. 
    Having doubled the number of teams to 10, the organisers otherwise played it safe by mainly keeping to northern England. The tournament is fondly remembered as a fitting party for rugby league's 100th birthday.
    But did it grow the game? Did anybody who was not already a committed fan notice? How did it compare to 
    
union's upstart competition?   

    Does it matter that only three teams ever look like winning the thing?
    Rugby league's bosses thought they knew the answers, and they did not like them. The message was clear for 2000, it seemed, standing still is dying. The result was Frankenstein's monster: an unloved competition of improbable dimensions and no sense of its own identity.  
    OK, the organisers could not help the rain, or that the 
    
Hatfield rail crash  

    just before the tournament made north-south travel in England very tricky. Neither could they do much about Australia being so good they should have been made to play with 12 men.
    But there can be no mitigation for staging New Zealand versus Lebanon (a team made up of Australians of Lebanese descent) in the rugby union stronghold of Gloucester, or Scotland against 
    
Aotearoa Maori   

    (a New Zealand second team) at a football ground in Glasgow. The total attendance of those two games was 4,504.
England captain Andy Farrell trudges off after losing to Australia on the opening day of the 2000 World Cup - a lack of atmosphere at a half-empty and soggy Twickenham did not help