Coverage: Live on BBC2 NI, the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio Ulster    Joe Schmidt could have asked for an easier start as he attempts to resurrect the fortunes of an often under-performing Ireland rugby team.
    The new coach faces a tough autumn opener against a Samoa team ranked one place above the Irish in the current IRB world standings, followed by meetings with southern hemisphere giants Australia and New Zealand.
    New Zealander Schmidt, 
    
named as the successor to Declan Kidney 

     after a largely 
    
disastrous Six Nations campaign, 

     takes up the reins at a time when most observers believe things can only get better for the national team.
    The fact that he comes into the job with a formidable pedigree only adds to the growing mood of expectation.
    The Kiwi worked his magic by transforming French side Clermont Auvergne into a considerable force and then enjoyed a hugely successful spell at Leinster, who won two Heineken Cups during his tenure.
    Like his predecessor, Schmidt faces the challenge of transferring the impressive record of Ireland's provinces at Pro12 and European club level into consistent displays on the international stage, with the 2015 Rugby World Cup the ultimate goal.
    First up at the Aviva Stadium on 9 November are the Samoans, who have claimed the notable scalps of Wales, Scotland and Italy over the past 12 months, the latter two countries having beaten Ireland in the Six Nations earlier this year.
    Australia, the visitors to Dublin on 16 November, lie fourth in the world rankings but struggled in the recent Rugby Championship, in which they came a distant third behind New Zealand and South Africa.
    Ireland's record against the Wallabies, especially at home, is reasonable, in contrast to the All Blacks, whom the Irish have never beaten.
    The reigning world champions deservedly remain the undisputed number one team in the world and the fact that the 'sold out' signs have long since been put out for the 24 November clash is testimony to their continued pulling power across the globe.
    The Schmidt regime received an early boost in the spring with the news that Brian O'Driscoll had committed to the cause for one more season and the initial reaction to training camps has been decidedly positive.
    Injuries to wingers Simon Zebo and Craig Gilroy and forwards Richardt Strauss, Iain Henderson, Donnacha Ryan and Tommy O'Donnell have slightly hampered preparations for the November series however, while Sean O'Brien, Declan Fitzpatrick, Rory Best, Paul O'Connell and Keith Earls have been added to the list of injury concerns in recent weeks.
Brian O'Driscoll has committed to a further year with Ireland