Tom May: Named team captain after joining London Welsh this summerExperienced duo Matt Corker and Tom May will lead London Welsh as they bid to bounce back to the Aviva Premiership at the first time of asking.Head coach Justin Burnell has named Corker as club captain, while May will fulfil the role of team captain in next season's Greene King IPA Championship campaign.Corker is the club's longest serving player, having made his debut in September 2007 on loan from Wasps. The second row has since gone on to make 181 appearances for the Exiles, scoring four tries, as well as playing a leading role in the club's Championship winning season of 2011/12.May joined the club this summer from Northampton Saints, where he made 53 appearances, scoring eight tries, in two seasons. Hugely experienced, the versatile back made his professional debut for Newcastle Falcons in1999 and enjoyed a ten-year spell at Kingston Park before joining Toulon. He was also capped twice by England in the summer of 2009 against Argentina.Explaining the appointments, Burnell said: "Matt sums up London Welsh and he possesses all three key qualities necessary to be a club captain. He's got a huge amount of experience at the club, he's a role model for the club's younger players and he's a hugely principled individual."Tom's playing career speaks for itself. He's the complete professional and despite being 34 is one of the fittest players in the squad. His tactical knowledge is second to none and I have no doubt he will channel his vast experience into being an excellent leader on the pitch."May is looking forward to the challenges ahead, saying: "When Justin pulled me aside and asked me if it was something I'd be interested in doing, I told him I'd love to do it."When it was announced to the rest of the squad and I addressed them, I told them that being asked to lead them was one of the proudest moments of my career. It's quite a young squad, bar myself and a few other individuals, but it's a great bunch of lads and it's been brilliant working with them all."Corker is also proud to take on his role and hopes to push the club forward."I count myself very fortunate to have witnessed and been part of the massive changes and successes that London Welsh have been through during my time at the club. I will strive to achieve the team's goals and I can only hope that I play a major role in the club's next chapter."I would like to thank our amazing fans for their on-going support and our sponsors, particularly Kelvin Bryon, who have helped to make London Welsh such a special team to play for. I am really excited about the coming season."