    Richard Cockerill cannot help but smile when asked how Cockerill the coach would manage Cockerill the player.
    Growling images of the irascible former hooker showcase an impressive playing career with Leicester Tigers and England - with the 1997 Haka confrontation with New Zealand counterpart Norm Hewitt perhaps the most famous.
    He chuckles as he seems to briefly ponder the possibility of having to have a word with himself for pushing his luck with Hewitt, allowing his international playing career to hamper his club progress or 
    
for letting his loose tongue - and pen - end his England days.  
    The coaching version has mellowed and has a more measured view - it had to in order to be able to sustain a trophy-laden spell in charge at Tigers since 2009. But not completely.
    "I am quite a belligerent and driven person," Leicester's director of rugby told BBC Sport. "I was as a player and I can be as a coach.
    "That little bit of belligerence and that little bit of 'everyone hates us and we don't care' works really well and I try to drive that as much as I can."
    Cockerill says any mistakes he made as a player have put him "in a good place".
    "I played for England and played here and know what it's about," he said. "I know about the trappings and distractions. I can see that in players and can say 'look mate, I know where you are at'.
    "I messed lots of things up in my career. I think that puts you in a good position to manage other people. I played for England and played for Leicester's second team the week after and I know how disappointing that is."
    Cockerill is the first to admit there are times when his belligerence has gone too far as a coach.
    "Sometimes you behave in irrational ways when you are under pressure," he said.
    And the fact he has been discussing disciplinary issues with his squad while he was 
    
serving a nine-game ban for some much-publicised naughtiness 

     in last May's Premiership final has clearly not been lost on the 42-year-old.
    "I drive discipline very hard," Cockerill said. "If a player behaved like that I would be very upset with him.
    "In the last nine weeks I have had to deal with disciplinary issues with players and it is a little bit ironic when I am sat there on a nine-week ban. The rules have to apply for both."
    Cockerill, who returns to the dugout for this Sunday's Premiership game against London Wasps, has 
    
just signed a new-five year contract 

     at the club he has served for all but two years since 1992.
    In his enforced absence, Tigers have "done very well and are in a good spot".
Leicester's famous ABC front row of (left to right) Graham Rowntree, Richard Cockerill and Darren Garforth celebrate title success