Chris Robshaw celebrates with the Cook Cup after win over Australia on SaturdayChris Robshaw hopes England's win over Australia on Saturday will provide a springboard for more autumn and Six Nations success.England rallied in the second half at Twickenham to win the first QBE International 20-13, and although the spectacle was less than thrilling, it was the result that really mattered to the home camp.Stuart Lancaster's men now have eight wins out of nine, but have two tough tests to come against Argentina next weekend and then a New Zealand side hell-bent on revenge for a record defeat a year ago.
Live on Sky Sports

Live International Rugby Union
England v Argentina
November 9, 2013 1:30pm



Remote Record
Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports


"We've come a long way in 12 months. This was time for us to kick on and start getting scalps like Australia's," England captain Robshaw said."A lot of us in this group had never beaten Australia before, myself included. It's a great memento for us."First and foremost this was about getting the win. There was a bit of rustiness there but that performance stands us in good stead for Argentina."There was always going to be a bit of rust there and that game was exactly what was needed."Many of us had played in big Heineken Cup games recently, but we wanted to step up a gear because that what Test rugby is - it's about that intensity."The character of the squad was outstanding. To come from seven points down against a very good Australia team who know how to score points... our defence was spot on.
    "Many of us had played in big Heineken Cup games recently, but we wanted to step up a gear because that what Test rugby is - it's about that intensity."
			Chris Robshaw


    "Many of us had played in big Heineken Cup games recently, but we wanted to step up a gear because that what Test rugby is - it's about that intensity."
			Chris Robshaw

"Besides their try I don't think they got in our 22 that often and that's down to our huge belief."It was about building pressure and momentum. We lost it in the latter parts of the first half. We talked about that at half time and came out all guns blazing."Our response to their try was exceptional. All the guys really put their hands up and wanted to give the crowd something to cheer about. We started quite well but lost a bit of momentum going into the second quarter."