Coverage: Highlights on BBC Three and BBC Red Button HD at 1900 GMT    There are many striking things about Billy Vunipola - his near 20-stone frame, his remarkable journey from a small Tongan village to the England team via some very steep hills in south Wales, the fact that, at just 20, he plays with the buccaneering style and menace of a man with many times his top-flight experience. 
    Perhaps the most startling, however, is the thought of how much food his parents used to have to lay on the breakfast table every morning. 
    Opposite Billy would sit Mako, big brother in every way - two years older, heavier and lumpier, now England's loose-head prop. At the head would sit their father Fe'ao, a former Tonga international, still a thunder-thighed man with admirable appetite, sisters Tiffany and Ana in close order. Then their cousins would sit down: future Wales number eight Toby Faletau, and his equally active elder brother Josh. Plus their other cousins, who generally seemed to be passing too.
    "It got to the point of me eating anything that was left," Billy remembers, as one pictures entire loaves of bread toasted, fatted calves being slaughtered for the prodigious appetites of the sons. "I'm just glad my parents took care of the bill."
    The explanation for that incessant hunger?
    "Our house in Pontypool was on the corner of a block. On each end was a hill. What we used to do was run around the block, with our dad timing us. So we would run up the hill, run down the other one and sprint across. And top left was an even bigger hill, and we'd finish off up there. It was massive."
    You were how old? He pauses. "Six. Yeah. When we first did it, my mum and dad got in a few fights, because it sounds pretty weird that you're making six-year-olds do those sorts of runs."
    Billy has grown up accustomed to the atypical. Born in Sydney, he was sent back to Tonga to be raised by his grandfather Sione, himself a former Tongan international, while his parents completed their university degrees.   
    When Fe'ao, along with 
    
Toby Faletau's 

     father Kuli, were brought over to Wales by 
    
Jonah Lomu's 

     former agent Phil Kingsley Jones to play club rugby, the family were reunited in the Pontypool suburb of Griffithstown, the boys and their three cousins fighting for one of the four beds in the converted garage.
    Set apart by both their Pacific Island heritage and size, the young Vunipolas flourished, driven on by their father, playing touch rugby every night in the park with cousins Toby and Josh, representing Wales at age-group level throughout their teens. When work moved the family to Bristol [their mother Singa is a Methodist preacher] they rose through that club's academy, sporting scholarships following  - Mako to Millfield, Billy to Harrow.
    If it sounds convoluted, the child saw it with the simplicity an adult never could.
Vunipola, pictured facing Western Province in 2009, was vice-captain for the England U18 tour of South Africa in 2010