    There was disquiet across the land: a British team, winning Olympic gold, with more than half its members having grown up thousands of miles away.
    The year? 1936. And while the story of GB's successful ice hockey team at those Winter Olympics - with nine of its 13-strong squad living in Canada, speaking with Canadian accents and having no memory whatsoever of Britain - has long been forgotten, the contentious issue of national identity in the country's sporting teams skates on.
     Athletics:

    Mo Farah (Mogadishu, Somalia), Tiffany Porter (Michigan, USA), Yamilé Aldama (Havana, Cuba)
     Basketball:

    Luol Deng (Wau, Sudan)
     Cricket: 

    Jonathan Trott (Cape Town, South Africa), Kevin Pietersen (above - Pietermaritzburg, South Africa)
     Cycling:

    Chris Froome (Nairobi, Kenya), Sir Bradley Wiggins (Ghent, Belgium)
     Football:

    Raheem Sterling (Kingston, Jamaica), Wilfried Zaha (Abidjan, Ivory Coast)
     Golf:

    Justin Rose (Johannesburg, South Africa)
     Rugby Union:

    Brad Barritt (Durban, South Africa), Dylan Hartley (Rotorua, New Zealand), Manu Tuilagi (Fogapoa, Samoa), Mako Vunipola (Wellington, New Zealand)
     Tennis:

    Laura Robson (Melbourne, Australia)
     Wrestling:

    Olga Butkevych (Zaporizhia, Ukraine)
    Much of the debate is complicated, either by emotion or instinct, but there is one thing we can say with certainty: British teams have never, despite what the dewy-eyed and dogmatic would like to think, been the exclusive province of those born in Britain.
    A lamentable dilution of the national cause? Bearing in mind the birthplaces of such quintessentially English sporting heroes as Colin Cowdrey (Bangalore, India), Ted Dexter (Milan, Italy) and Bradley Wiggins (Ghent, Belgium), probably not. The first man to win a medal for Great Britain at a modern Olympics, way back in 1896, was Charles Gmelin, born in Krishnagar, India.
    Before we start battling through the politics and prejudices of who should be allowed to wear a national jersey, a little more on who legally can.
    If you hold a British passport, regardless of where you were born, you are eligible. So 
    
Tour de France winner Chris Froome 

     (born in Kenya, schooled in South Africa, with a father and grandparents all born in Britain) rides for Great Britain, with considerable pride. 
    The same applies to those born and raised overseas, only to subsequently move to the UK, with a British parent, as a child. Which is why 
    
Andrew Strauss 

     (born in South Africa, moved to Australia aged six, arrived in southern England before his eighth birthday) could captain England's cricket team, why distance runner Mo Farah (born in Somalia, moved to Britain aged eight to live with his British-born father Mukhtar) wins 
    
Olympic 

     and 
    
world 

     doubles for Britain, why 
    
US Open golf champion Justin Rose 

     (another born in South Africa, who moved to Hampshire aged five) is British not South African.
    Having an English, or Scottish, or Welsh, parent or grandparent is enough for both football and rugby's governing bodies, regardless of which passport the player themselves might hold. Of those who immigrate as adults, footballers become eligible for their adopted nation only after five years of continuous residency. The 
    
IRB  

    , rugby's governing body, stipulates a residency of just 36 months; the English and Wales Cricket Board 
    
seven years.
    It's this last category that fires the most argument. Residency might legally qualify you to play for England, or Scotland, or Team GB. But what of hearts and minds? What makes someone British enough to deserve to wear the shirt or parade the flag?
    Which is where the problems multiply. 
Neither Mo Farah (left) nor Terry Butcher was born in the UK