    Anniversaries can be difficult things to get right. You can overdo the celebrations, get the gift wrong, end up bickering over old arguments and wondering where the good times went.
    So it was at half-time at Twickenham on Saturday, when England's current beaus trudged off seven points down to a party-pooping Australia just as 
    
the World Cup-winning darlings from 2003  

     walked out for a triumphant lap of honour.
    Twickenham Man responded as he so often has over the past decade: with a wistful look in his eye, a heavy sigh and a quiet lament for those good times that have often seemed so far away. Didn't we used to look so good together?
England fight back to beat Australia    In the middle of the pitch, watching the front row limping round and the backs take pictures of themselves on their mobile phones - some things never change - sat the current Wallabies team, glowering at the festivities, stoking their engines.
    It was like going out for a nice dinner to find your angry ex sitting at the next table. Happy anniversary, mate, and you can stick your commemorative chariot up your waxy jackets.
    Except then, to first slow surprise and then rapid delight, the class of 2013 decided to change the tune.
    Sparked by the coruscating running of full-back Mike Brown, aided by two benevolent decisions from the match officials and powered on by two pieces of opportunism from skipper Chris Robshaw and fly-half Owen Farrell, 
    
they turned that seven-point deficit into a seven-point lead 

     and then controlled the remaining minutes with muscular force.
    Whether it leaves them any closer to replicating the deeds of their vaunted predecessors when the World Cup comes back to west London in two years' time will take longer to discover.
    World Cups are won on consistent excellence. They also require a team to prosper in adversity, which means some will read far more into 
    
England's crushing defeat in their Grand Slam decider in Cardiff last March 

     than they will into the fact that they have now won eight of their last nine games.
England's World Cup-winning captain Martin Johnson was part of a 10th anniversary parade