    The Rugby League World Cup gets under way on Saturday with a double-header featuring England against Australia and Wales against Italy in Cardiff. 
    New Zealand go in as holders, having recorded a famous victory over Australia in the last tournament in 2008.
    Australia are the favourites to lift the trophy at Old Trafford on 30 November, but Steve McNamara's England are also fancied because of the advantage of playing on home soil.
    Speaking before England's 
    
shock defeat to Italy 

     and the 
    
removal of Gareth Hock 

     from the squad, we asked BBC Sport commentators 
        Dave Woods

     and 
        Ray French,

     Salford coach 
        Brian Noble,

     St Helens forward 
        Jon Wilkin, Eorl Crabtree

     of Huddersfield and Leeds's 
        Jamie Jones-Buchanan

     to give their thoughts on the competition and whether England can claim a first World Cup success.
     Dave Woods:

     They have a chance of winning. The first game is really important because if they can beat Australia it will give them a sense of belief and the easier route through the competition.
     Ray French:

     I think they will do well. They have a powerful and strong pack who are good, tough footballers, but I just wonder about the half-backs. 
     Jon Wilkin:

     England have a nice mix of experience and youth and have a fantastic chance. Steve McNamara has left no stone unturned in terms of preparation.
     Eorl Crabtree:

     This is the biggest opportunity England have had in a long time. The quality is outstanding, the team is tremendous and the pack is the biggest I have ever seen. If they are ever going to do something in the World Cup, this is their year.
     Jamie Jones-Buchanan:

     England have prepared really well and now it comes down to pride. The lads have been looking good in training and are looking forward to it.
     Brian Noble: 

    There is a lot of expectation but I think they will do well. The loss of Jack Reed in the centres is a blow. He has NRL experience and when it gets to the crunch games the level of experience and intensity will be crucial.
     French:

     Wales are a very well-drilled side with a good pack including a couple of players with Wigan experience. I think the opener against Italy will test that pack and whoever wins that match has a good chance of going forward.
     Wilkin:

     Wales have some exciting forwards but one of their most crucial people won't be playing - Lee Briers. His experience, guile and kicking game will be missed and I think they could struggle.
Danny Brough will be hoping to bring his club form to the international stage