    Britain's Andy Murray has withdrawn from the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London as he continues his recovery from back surgery.
    The Wimbledon champion 
    
had a minor operation in September 

     to correct a disc problem in his lower back.
    "I'm really disappointed not to be playing this year," said Murray. "I love playing in front of my home crowd, it's a great atmosphere.
    "I'll be doing my best to qualify again for the tournament next year."
    "It's the worst possible year for the World Tour Finals to be missing the Wimbledon champion, but as soon as Murray made the decision to have surgery on his back, his thoughts shifted entirely to next season. He has already begun back strengthening exercises, and by the middle of November should be in Miami to begin his annual, and very intense, training block. Exhibitions in Barbados and Abu Dhabi will help remove a little of the rust, and Murray should be in much better state, both physically and mentally, by the time of the Australian Open."
    Murray pulled out of the French Open in May because of the injury before recovering in time to 
    
become Britain's first male Wimbledon singles' champion since 1936.
    His defence of the US Open was 
    
ended in the quarter-finals 

     but he helped Great Britain 
    
beat Croatia in the Davis Cup 

     before having surgery. He 
    
tweeted a picture 

     of himself in hospital with his thumbs up after the operation.
    Tournament director Andre Silva said: "It's unfortunate Andy will be unable to play in this year's tournament. He's had a historic year on the tour and of course he'll be missed.
    "We wish him all the best as he continues his recovery from surgery and we hope to see him back stronger than ever for the 2014 season."
    World number one Rafael Nadal has qualified for the event at London's O2 Arena, which features the world's top eight singles players and doubles teams.
    Nadal will be joined by Serb Novak Djokovic and fellow Spaniard David Ferrer with five places still available.
Coverage: BBC TV: One singles match each day live; BBC Radio: Every singles match live on 5 live sports extra; BBC Sport website: One singles match each day streamed online, live text commentary on every singles match