    Top seed Rafael Nadal and second seed Novak Djokovic have progressed to the quarter-finals of the Paris Masters.
    Nadal beat Jerzy Janowicz 7-5 6-4, while Djokovic was tested by John Isner but came through 6-7 (5-7) 6-1 6-2.
    Roger Federer will meet Juan Martin Del Potro in the last eight thanks to a 6-3 6-4 win over Philipp Kohlschreiber.
    It was also a good day for Stanislas Wawrinka and Richard Gasquet as they both qualified for next week's season-ending ATP World Tour Final in London.
    1.
         Rafael Nadal

    2. 
        Novak Djokovic

    3. 
        David Ferrer

    4. 
        Juan Martin Del Potro

    5. 
        Tomas Berdych

    6. 
        Roger Federer

    7. 
        Stanislas Wawrinka

    8.
         Richard Gasquet

    Swiss Wawrinka defeated Spain's Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-2 to book his place in the last eight and he qualified for London for the first time thanks to Milos Raonic's 7-6 (15-13) 6-4 defeat by Tomas Berdych.
    Frenchman Gasquet - who beat Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-2 and will next play Nadal - will also be competing at the O2 Arena as Canada's Raonic was the only other player who could have qualified for the eight-man event.
    The pair will join Nadal, Djokovic, David Ferrer, Del Potro, Berdych and Federer in the English capital.
    Djokovic, 26, will face Wawrinka - a man who took the Serb to five sets in a thrilling 
    
US Open semi-final in September 

     - for a place in the last four in Paris.
    "It's a big challenge for me and Wawrinka also," said the Serb.
    "Whenever we play each other it's long exchanges, a very tough match mentally [and] physically - but I'm ready for it."
    Federer, who 
    
secured his place at the ATP World Tour Finals 

     on Wednesday, said his quarter-final clash with Del Potro was a significant one.
    Del Potro, who 
    
beat Federer last week in Basel 

     to retain his Swiss Indoor title, battled to a 3-6 6-3 6-4 victory over Grigor Dimitrov at the Bercy arena.
    "It's an important match for both of us and also looking ahead to London where we could meet there," said Federer.
    "It could give one of us an advantage for London so it's a key match."
    Elsewhere, defending champion Ferrer set up a meeting with Berdych, converting three of six break points to see off Gilles Simon 6-2 6-3.
     The BBC has live coverage from the ATP World Tour Finals across television, radio, online, mobile, the BBC Sport app and Connected TV.
