STOCKHOLM (AP) -- French wild card Benoit Paire beat second-seeded Milos Raonic 7-6 (3), 6-3 Friday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals.Paire next plays on Saturday against seventh-seeded Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria, who defeated Kenny De Schepper of France 6-4, 6-2.Top-seeded David Ferrer of Spain advanced when his quarterfinal opponent, countryman Fernando Verdasco, pulled out because of an abdominal injury.Ferrer will face fifth-seeded Ernests Gulbis of Latvia. Gulbis downed Jerzy Janowicz of Poland 7-5, 4-6, 6-3.Remember Trevor Gillies? The former New York Islanders forward had an infamous NHL run, including a 9-game suspension for his attack on then-Pittsburgh Penguins forward Eric Tangradi and followed by a 10-game suspension for a hit on Cal Clutterbuck. Remember … Continue reading →The St. Louis Cardinals topped the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games to advance to their 19th World Series. The series featured a little bit of everything, including some Mickey Mouse activity, a bizarre pregame standoff between Joe Kelly and Scott … Continue reading →RELATED: Lineup " Full Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup coverageBOSTON (AP) -- One victory to reach the World Series.INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Robert Mathis still remembers the first time he wandered into the Colts' no-hit zone.We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →The old golf adage tells us that the toughest part about playing a ridiculously low round is that you have to go out the next day and follow it up, which is normally tough to do. Poor Andres Romero might … Continue reading →Tiger Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, is hinting at possible legal action after a Golf.com analyst questioned Tiger's ethics on the golf course after a questionable drop at the Masters earlier this year. During the second round of the 2013 Masters, … Continue reading →Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce no longer wear Celtic green, but one thing has stayed the same: They don't care much for LeBron James.The best news photos of the day for October 17, 2013.Former Pro Bowl wide receiver Irving Fryar and his 72-year-old mother have been indicted on charges of conspiring to steal nearly $700,000 by deceiving banks into granting them home equity loans, state authorities told the Newark Star-Ledger. Fryar, 51, and … Continue reading →Raise a pint of amber nectar to Gronktoberfest. Much to the elation of his loyal owners, Rob Gronkowski was officially cleared Friday to return to immediate action. Though the Pats have tabbed him with the always vague 'questionable' label, all signs point to the elite tight end being active…According to John Fay of the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Reds are prepared to move on from outspoken second baseman Brandon Phillips this offseason. Fay cites the Reds interest in Cuban infielder Alexander Guerrero as the surest sign general manager Walt … Continue reading →After winning back-to-back championships in the NASCAR Nationwide Series in 2011 and 2012, Roush Fenway Racing's Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will make his series return at Texas Motor Speedway, piloting the No. 16 Zest Ford Mustang in the O'Reilly Auto Parts Challenge on Nov. 2.VIENNA (AP) -- Robin Haase, a Dutchman ranked No. 63, upset top-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5, 7-6 (4) on Saturday to set up a final against Tommy Haas at the Erste Bank Open.NFL football is here and we have all of the photos for you. Want to see diving catches, bone-chilling sacks, and leaping running backs? Well then you have come to the right place!Madrid (AFP) - Gareth Bale got his first taste of being on a winning side at the Santiago Bernabeu as Real Madrid moved to within two points of Barcelona and Atletico Madrid with a 2-0 win over Malaga on Saturday.(Adds details) Oct 19 (Reuters) - Substitute Mario Goetze led Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich on a second-half four-goal rampage after midtable Mainz 05 had the temerity to take a halftime lead at the Allianz Arena on Saturday. Goetze set up the first three Bayern goals in the 4-1 win after Shawn…COMMENTARY | How long will the Cleveland Indians be able to fly under the radar?EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (AP) -- Two months ago, around the time the Minnesota Vikings were losing their second preseason game, Adrian Peterson was given some surprising news.