ISTANBUL --  Li Na reached the semifinals of the WTA Championships with a 6-2, 6-1 victory Friday over Victoria Azarenka, who was wincing in pain from a back injury that brought her to tears.Azarenka hurt her back while serving in the sixth game of the first set and was clearly in pain the rest of the match. The second-ranked Australian Open champion took a medical timeout and received treatment during several changeovers. She stayed on court despite being hardly able to move."I just wanted to try to do my best for the fans who came and watched our match, for respect for my opponent," she said. "It was just about trying to do the most you can out there."Li won the group 3-0 while Azarenka finished 1-2. Azarenka's loss meant Jelena Jankovic advanced to the semis before she had to play Sara Errani late Friday. Jankovic will play defending champion Serena Williams in the semifinals. Williams swept her group on Thursday.The fourth-seeded Li will next play Petra Kvitova or Angelique Kerber. Li is in her first semifinal in three appearances in this elite event, which brings together the top eight women.Despite failing to reach the semis, Azarenka said she was pleased with her year."I'm No. 2 in the world. I had great results in the big tournaments and I had injuries," Azarenka said. "So, it's that balance of good and unfortunate. I think I can learn a lot from these little things to prevent maybe some of the injuries."Azarenka did win one game with some ferocious serving, but mostly stayed in the middle of the baseline and tried to hit quick winners if the ball came her way."It's my decision what I'm going to do," Azarenka said.Azarenka said her back suddenly seized up as she tried to serve hard and that the trainers told her there was structural damage.Li lost to Azarenka in the final of the Australian Open and in both previous round-robin matches at the WTA Championships 2012 and 2011."I thought maybe after the first set she will give up or retire. ... I think it's tough because I have to focus," Li said.In the Australian Open final, it was Li who was in trouble. She twisted her ankle and hit her head in a stumble before losing in three sets."Next time we both have to be healthy on the court," Li said.Although she did not play, Williams did appear on court to collect the award for finishing 2013 with the No. 1 ranking.  Williams clinched the year-end top ranking for the third time, the others in 2002 and 2009.Copyright 2013 by The Associated Press