View galleryVIENNA (AP) -- Robin Haase, a Dutchman ranked No. 63, upset top-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5, 7-6 (4) on Saturday to set up a final against Tommy Haas at the Erste Bank Open.The second-seeded Haas rallied past Lukas Rosol of the Czech Republic 3-6, 6-4, 7-6 (0). The German, who won in Vienna in 2001, will be playing in his third final of the season. He won his 14th career title in Munich in May.Haase held off four set points for Tsonga in the opening set. He failed to serve out the match at 5-4 but won six of the last seven points in the tiebreaker against the eighth-ranked Frenchman, who had his left knee taped.''He was a bit injured and that made me nervous,'' said Haase, who had lost his last 14 matches against top-10 opponents since beating Andy Murray in Rotterdam in 2008.''You tend to keep the ball in play and wait for his mistakes,'' Haase said. ''Later on, I managed to focus better on my own game.''Tsonga declined to comment on his apparent injury and said he was going to prepare as usual for his upcoming tournament in Valencia, Spain, and Paris.''I tried everything I could but it wasn't enough today,'' the Frenchman said. ''I just didn't play well enough.''This will be Haase's fourth career final but first on hard court. The Dutchman won both his career titles on clay in Austria - in Kitzbuehel in 2011 and '12. He lost the final in Gstaad, Switzerland, three months ago.Haase has never played Haas before in an ATP event. In any case, the final poses a linguistic challenge for the referee.''Maybe the referee should just call 'game Tommy' and 'game Robin' tomorrow,'' the Dutchman said.Haas initially struggled against the 44th-ranked Rosol, who hit 16 aces to raise his total for the tournament to 49 and conceded just two points on serve in the opening set.Haas couldn't convert his first break point at 3-2 but used his second to even the match. The final set went with serve before Haas dominated the tiebreaker. Rosol was eyeing his second career final after winning his first one in April in Bucharest, Romania.''I managed to play my best tennis on the big points and in the tiebreaker,'' Haas said. ''That makes me very satisfied.''The German led 6-0 when a penalty point for Rosol ended the match. After being warned earlier by referee Cedric Mourier, the Czech broke his racket by smashing it on the court.''I've been on the circuit for 17 years,'' the 35-year-old Haas said. ''But I've never won a match without playing match point.''Remember Trevor Gillies? The former New York Islanders forward had an infamous NHL run, including a 9-game suspension for his attack on then-Pittsburgh Penguins forward Eric Tangradi and followed by a 10-game suspension for a hit on Cal Clutterbuck. Remember … Continue reading →Related: Lineup " Full coverage of the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint CupThe St. Louis Cardinals topped the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games to advance to their 19th World Series. The series featured a little bit of everything, including some Mickey Mouse activity, a bizarre pregame standoff between Joe Kelly and Scott … Continue reading →It's been a rough stretch for goalies in the NHL. Last Saturday, Roberto Luongo surrendered one of the worst shorthanded own-goals in hockey history. On Thursday night, Jonathan Bernier handed the Carolina Hurricanes the easiest game-winning goal they're going to … Continue reading →BOSTON (AP) -- One victory to reach the World Series.We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Robert Mathis still remembers the first time he wandered into the Colts' no-hit zone.The old golf adage tells us that the toughest part about playing a ridiculously low round is that you have to go out the next day and follow it up, which is normally tough to do. Poor Andres Romero might … Continue reading →Tiger Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, is hinting at possible legal action after a Golf.com analyst questioned Tiger's ethics on the golf course after a questionable drop at the Masters earlier this year. During the second round of the 2013 Masters, … Continue reading →Samantha Stosur beats Svetlana Kuznetsova and Simona Halep eases past Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the semi-finals of the Kremlin Cup.Former Pro Bowl wide receiver Irving Fryar and his 72-year-old mother have been indicted on charges of conspiring to steal nearly $700,000 by deceiving banks into granting them home equity loans, state authorities told the Newark Star-Ledger. Fryar, 51, and … Continue reading →Raise a pint of amber nectar to Gronktoberfest. Much to the elation of his loyal owners, Rob Gronkowski was officially cleared Friday to return to immediate action. Though the Pats have tabbed him with the always vague 'questionable' label, all signs point to the elite tight end being active…HOUSTON -- There were few surprises at the weigh-in for UFC 166 on Friday at the Toyota Center, with both heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez and former champion Junior dos Santos declaring themselves fit and ready for their rubber match on … Continue reading →According to John Fay of the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Reds are prepared to move on from outspoken second baseman Brandon Phillips this offseason. Fay cites the Reds interest in Cuban infielder Alexander Guerrero as the surest sign general manager Walt … Continue reading →Fresno State head coach Tim DeRuyter joins Yahoo! Sports Radio and talks about the Bulldogs' ability to win close games and QB Derek Carr.Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce no longer wear Celtic green, but one thing has stayed the same: They don't care much for LeBron James.Oct 19 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2 Liverpool 2 Stoke City 0 West Bromwich Albion 0…After winning back-to-back championships in the NASCAR Nationwide Series in 2011 and 2012, Roush Fenway Racing's Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will make his series return at Texas Motor Speedway, piloting the No. 16 Zest Ford Mustang in the O'Reilly Auto Parts Challenge on Nov. 2.Oregon receiver Josh Huff wanted to have a party. No problem. He wanted to charge a cover for said party. That posed a problem. He said on Twitter Thursday that NCAA regulations prevented him from charging a cover for the … Continue reading →COMMENTARY | How long will the Cleveland Indians be able to fly under the radar?