MOSCOW (AP) -- Samantha Stosur and Simona Halep advanced to the final of the Kremlin Cup with straight-sets victories Sunday.Stosur proceeded to her second straight final by beating her doubles partner Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-2, 6-4, while Halep routed Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-2, 6-1 to advance to her fifth final this season.Kuznetsova couldn't hold serve once in the first set, winning just six of 23 points when serving, while Stosur was broken twice as well. Stosur took a 5-1 lead in the second but then failed to serve out the match twice.''At the start we were both struggling to hold serve and she had love-40 again on me and my second service again and I was able to get out of that,'' Stosur said. ''And I think that gave me a little bit of a head up and to win that first set 6-2 was good. It was still pretty tight all the way through with who was going to hold.''Stosur sealed the victory on her second match point when the Russian sent a shot wide.''We know each other's games pretty well. So I guess you've got to take your opportunities when you get them,'' she said.Stosur won her second title of the season and fifth of her career in Osaka, Japan, last Sunday. The Australian was a runner-up to Caroline Wozniacki here last year.The 18th-ranked Halep, who has won the first four titles of her career this season, jumped out to a 4-0 lead in both sets against Pavlyuchenkova. The Romanian sealed the victory on her second match point when Pavlyuchenkova double-faulted.''The score, it looks like it was very easy, but it wasn't,'' Halep said. ''Today I moved very well and I hit the ball very strong. She didn't move very well today. Of course I'd like to win my year's fifth final but it will definitely be a hard task as Samantha (Stosur) is a top player in a good form.''In the men's semifinals, top-seeded Richard Gasquet was scheduled to face Ivo Karlovic, while defending champion Andreas Seppi was set to play Mikhail Kukushkin.Remember Trevor Gillies? The former New York Islanders forward had an infamous NHL run, including a 9-game suspension for his attack on then-Pittsburgh Penguins forward Eric Tangradi and followed by a 10-game suspension for a hit on Cal Clutterbuck. Remember … Continue reading →Related: Lineup " Full coverage of the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint CupThe St. Louis Cardinals topped the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games to advance to their 19th World Series. The series featured a little bit of everything, including some Mickey Mouse activity, a bizarre pregame standoff between Joe Kelly and Scott … Continue reading →It's been a rough stretch for goalies in the NHL. Last Saturday, Roberto Luongo surrendered one of the worst shorthanded own-goals in hockey history. On Thursday night, Jonathan Bernier handed the Carolina Hurricanes the easiest game-winning goal they're going to … Continue reading →BOSTON (AP) -- One victory to reach the World Series.We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →Samantha Stosur beats Svetlana Kuznetsova and Simona Halep eases past Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the semi-finals of the Kremlin Cup.INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Robert Mathis still remembers the first time he wandered into the Colts' no-hit zone.The old golf adage tells us that the toughest part about playing a ridiculously low round is that you have to go out the next day and follow it up, which is normally tough to do. Poor Andres Romero might … Continue reading →Tiger Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, is hinting at possible legal action after a Golf.com analyst questioned Tiger's ethics on the golf course after a questionable drop at the Masters earlier this year. During the second round of the 2013 Masters, … Continue reading →Former Pro Bowl wide receiver Irving Fryar and his 72-year-old mother have been indicted on charges of conspiring to steal nearly $700,000 by deceiving banks into granting them home equity loans, state authorities told the Newark Star-Ledger. Fryar, 51, and … Continue reading →Raise a pint of amber nectar to Gronktoberfest. Much to the elation of his loyal owners, Rob Gronkowski was officially cleared Friday to return to immediate action. Though the Pats have tabbed him with the always vague 'questionable' label, all signs point to the elite tight end being active…HOUSTON -- There were few surprises at the weigh-in for UFC 166 on Friday at the Toyota Center, with both heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez and former champion Junior dos Santos declaring themselves fit and ready for their rubber match on … Continue reading →According to John Fay of the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Reds are prepared to move on from outspoken second baseman Brandon Phillips this offseason. Fay cites the Reds interest in Cuban infielder Alexander Guerrero as the surest sign general manager Walt … Continue reading →Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce no longer wear Celtic green, but one thing has stayed the same: They don't care much for LeBron James.Fresno State head coach Tim DeRuyter joins Yahoo! Sports Radio and talks about the Bulldogs' ability to win close games and QB Derek Carr.Oct 19 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2 Liverpool 2 Stoke City 0 West Bromwich Albion 0…After winning back-to-back championships in the NASCAR Nationwide Series in 2011 and 2012, Roush Fenway Racing's Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will make his series return at Texas Motor Speedway, piloting the No. 16 Zest Ford Mustang in the O'Reilly Auto Parts Challenge on Nov. 2.Oregon receiver Josh Huff wanted to have a party. No problem. He wanted to charge a cover for said party. That posed a problem. He said on Twitter Thursday that NCAA regulations prevented him from charging a cover for the … Continue reading →VIENNA (AP) -- Robin Haase, a Dutchman ranked No. 63, upset top-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5, 7-6 (4) on Saturday to set up a final against Tommy Haas at the Erste Bank Open.