PARIS -- Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan beat Alexander Peya of Austria and Bruno Soares of Brazil 6-3, 6-3 Sunday in the final of the Paris Masters to win their 11th title this season.The American twins, who also won the Paris Masters in 2005 and 2007, have already clinched the year-end No. 1 ranking."It's definitely our best season," Bob Bryan said. "The most titles, most money, most points, and the most fun we've had. Being able to play on big courts like this and to hold the trophy is why we're still here playing and we've done that a lot this year, which has really put a smile on our face."The Bryans' season includes titles at the Australian Open, French Open and Wimbledon. They have won a record 15 Grand Slam titles together."It's always great to start the year strong in Australia," Bob Bryan said. "And I think that set the tone for the rest of the season. Going down to Australia, winning Sydney, winning Melbourne, it just made us feel the hard work was paying off. So we kept doing it throughout the year."In July, the Bryans became the first team in tennis history to hold all four majors and the Olympic gold medal at the same time with a third Wimbledon title. They fell short of a calendar-year Grand Slam when they lost in the semifinals of the U.S. Open.The twin brothers also won 11 titles in 2007 and 2010. They could win a career-high 12th title in a single season at the ATP World Tour Finals in London."We're not just looking ahead to 2014. We want to finish the season the way it started," Bob Bryan said. "We can see the finish line. It's only eight more days to the season. We've definitely put a lot of mileage on our bodies, but we can see it and we're going to try to race to the finish line."The top-seeded Bryans avenged their loss to Peya and Soares in the final of the Valencia Open a week ago in Spain, breaking their opponents five times while dropping serve twice."I thought Mike, he returned fantastic," Bob Bryan said. "I don't feel like I returned my best match. I might go back to the practice court and hit a few more. But today was about Mike's return, I thought I did some good work at the net."