View galleryLUXEMBOURG (AP) -- Caroline Wozniacki, Sloane Stephens and Sabine Lisicki - the top three seeded players - won in straight sets Thursday to reach the Luxembourg Open quarterfinals.Wozniacki beat two-time finalist Monica Niculescu of Romania 6-3, 6-2. Stephens, seeded second, defeated Yvonne Meusburger of Austria 7-5, 6-4. Lisicki of Germany eliminated Tereza Smitkova of the Czech Republic 6-4, 6-0.Stephens, an American ranked 12th, has yet to lose a set in Luxembourg and will play Stefanie Voegele on Friday. The 54th-ranked Swiss struggled past Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 3-6, 6-3.Also in the second round, Karin Knapp of Italy downed Andrea Petkovic of Germany 7-5, 7-5.Remember Trevor Gillies? The former New York Islanders forward had an infamous NHL run, including a 9-game suspension for his attack on then-Pittsburgh Penguins forward Eric Tangradi and followed by a 10-game suspension for a hit on Cal Clutterbuck. Remember … Continue reading →Related: Lineup " Full coverage of the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint CupThe St. Louis Cardinals topped the Los Angeles Dodgers in six games to advance to their 19th World Series. The series featured a little bit of everything, including some Mickey Mouse activity, a bizarre pregame standoff between Joe Kelly and Scott … Continue reading →It's been a rough stretch for goalies in the NHL. Last Saturday, Roberto Luongo surrendered one of the worst shorthanded own-goals in hockey history. On Thursday night, Jonathan Bernier handed the Carolina Hurricanes the easiest game-winning goal they're going to … Continue reading →BOSTON (AP) -- One victory to reach the World Series.We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Robert Mathis still remembers the first time he wandered into the Colts' no-hit zone.Samantha Stosur beats Svetlana Kuznetsova and Simona Halep eases past Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the semi-finals of the Kremlin Cup.The old golf adage tells us that the toughest part about playing a ridiculously low round is that you have to go out the next day and follow it up, which is normally tough to do. Poor Andres Romero might … Continue reading →Tiger Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, is hinting at possible legal action after a Golf.com analyst questioned Tiger's ethics on the golf course after a questionable drop at the Masters earlier this year. During the second round of the 2013 Masters, … Continue reading →Former Pro Bowl wide receiver Irving Fryar and his 72-year-old mother have been indicted on charges of conspiring to steal nearly $700,000 by deceiving banks into granting them home equity loans, state authorities told the Newark Star-Ledger. Fryar, 51, and … Continue reading →Raise a pint of amber nectar to Gronktoberfest. Much to the elation of his loyal owners, Rob Gronkowski was officially cleared Friday to return to immediate action. Though the Pats have tabbed him with the always vague 'questionable' label, all signs point to the elite tight end being active…Fresno State head coach Tim DeRuyter joins Yahoo! Sports Radio and talks about the Bulldogs' ability to win close games and QB Derek Carr.HOUSTON -- There were few surprises at the weigh-in for UFC 166 on Friday at the Toyota Center, with both heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez and former champion Junior dos Santos declaring themselves fit and ready for their rubber match on … Continue reading →According to John Fay of the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Reds are prepared to move on from outspoken second baseman Brandon Phillips this offseason. Fay cites the Reds interest in Cuban infielder Alexander Guerrero as the surest sign general manager Walt … Continue reading →Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce no longer wear Celtic green, but one thing has stayed the same: They don't care much for LeBron James.Oct 19 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2 Liverpool 2 Stoke City 0 West Bromwich Albion 0…After winning back-to-back championships in the NASCAR Nationwide Series in 2011 and 2012, Roush Fenway Racing's Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will make his series return at Texas Motor Speedway, piloting the No. 16 Zest Ford Mustang in the O'Reilly Auto Parts Challenge on Nov. 2.Oregon receiver Josh Huff wanted to have a party. No problem. He wanted to charge a cover for said party. That posed a problem. He said on Twitter Thursday that NCAA regulations prevented him from charging a cover for the … Continue reading →Steve Spurrier definitely isn't shy. Check out the latest gem from the always quotable ol' ball coach. Shae Peppler has that and the Kim Kardashian photo that's blowing up the internet in today's CI Trend Tracker.