    Novak Djokovic beat defending champion David Ferrer in straight sets to win the Paris Masters for the second time in his career.
    The world number two came from a break down in both sets to win 7-5 7-5 and reclaim the title he won in 2009.
    Ferrer served for both sets at 5-4 but the Serb fought back in each to win his sixth title of 2013.
    Djokovic won in one hour and 52 minutes, and now moves to London to defend his ATP World Tour Finals crown.
     January:

     Australian Open
     March: 

    Dubai Championships
     April:

     Monte Carlo Masters
     October: 

    China Open, Shanghai Masters
     November:

     Paris Masters
    The 26-year-old's victory was his 17th consecutive win since 
    
losing the US Open final to Rafael Nadal in September, 

     and gave him his 40th career title.
    Ferrer broke Djokovic's serve in the fifth game of the first set thanks to an audacious drop shot, but the Spaniard could not hold on to his own service at the crucial moment, with Djokovic levelling at 5-5 with a forehand winner down the line.
    Six-time Grand Slam winner Djokovic lost his serve in the first game of the second set, but when Ferrer was serving at 5-4 with the chance to level the match, the world number three netted with the game poised at 30-30 to allow his opponent to break back.
    The Serb ruthlessly exploited the chance Ferrer had presented him to quickly secure the set and with it the victory.
    Djokovic's quest to usurp Nadal in the world number one slot, which 
    
the Spaniard has held since early October, 

     will continue at the ATP World Tour Finals, which begin at London's 02 Arena on Monday.
    "It doesn't just depend on me, it depends on Rafa," said the Australian Open champion. 
    "It's very important for me to concentrate on myself and let things take care of themselves. I've taken a lot of confidence from this week."
Coverage: BBC TV: One singles match each day live; BBC Radio: Every singles match live on 5 live sports extra; BBC Sport website: One singles match each day streamed online, live text commentary on every singles match