    Coaching Laura Robson may not offer much in the way of long-term security, but it's a job creating a good deal of interest among some high-profile names.
    The British number one told Miles Maclagan in a telephone conversation on Saturday that she 
    
doesn't want to extend their partnership into 2014, 

     which means that Robson, her mother Kathy and new agent Max Eisenbud are now looking for what will be Laura's fifth coach in three years.
    Robson's ball-striking ability and 
    
big-match temperament 

     are a huge attraction to prospective coaches, and having decided to join IMG just after Wimbledon, she now has the support of the most influential agent in the women's game.
    "She's still only 19, and clearly she's had a high number of coaches. The ideal situation would be to try and build a relationship over a period of time but it's not always that straightforward."
     Iain Bates, LTA head of women's tennis

    Eisenbud also looks after world number three Maria Sharapova and world number five Li Na - and it is one of their former coaches who seems very keen on the job.
    Thomas Hogstedt, 50, has been taking quite an interest in the 19-year-old for a while. At this year's Wimbledon, in what turned out to be his 
    
final tournament with Sharapova, 

     the Swede quizzed one leading British coach about her prospects on the practice courts. He is also said to have the ear of Robson's mother Kathy, who in the past has sought his advice about her daughter's career.
    Sharapova said that Hogstedt's desire to reduce his time away from home was behind their decision to separate, but if there was an element of diplomacy in those words, then the Swede would be a very strong contender.
    His practice sessions with Sharapova were always intense, and under his guidance the Russian returned to number one in the world by 
    
completing the career Grand Slam at Roland Garros in 2012.
    Nigel Sears, 56, is another coach believed to be interested in the job. He knows Robson well from his spell as the head coach of women's tennis at the LTA and is a free agent, having split with the former world number one and French Open champion Ana Ivanovic after Wimbledon.
    Michael Joyce - who coached Sharapova before Hogstedt - is understood to have been sounded out about coaching Robson in the past, and Sven Groeneveld is another strong option. 
    The Dutchman has coached Monica Seles, Mary Pierce and Ivanovic to Grand Slam titles, and has been an important figure in Robson's development. As one of the leading coaches of the Adidas Player Development Programme, he most recently lent his support to Robson in May as she 
    
beat Venus Williams 

     before losing to her sister Serena in Rome.
Laura Robson's former trainer Miles Maclagan has previously worked with Andy Murray, Philipp Kohlschreiber and Marcos Baghdatis