View galleryLUXEMBOURG (AP) -- Top-seeded Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark will play Annika Beck of Germany in Sunday's final of the Luxembourg Open.Wozniacki, ranked No. 9, defeated third-seeded Sabine Lisicki of Germany 6-4, 6-4 in Saturday's semifinals. She has lost only one set all week.Beck advanced to her first WTA final when Stefanie Voegele of Switzerland retired at 7-5, 1-0 in the other semi.Wozniacki has 20 career titles but yet to win one this year. She and Beck will meet for the first time.EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The New York Giants have a pretty good hunch what to expect from Minnesota with newcomer Josh Freeman taking over at quarterback for the struggling Vikings.Connect with friends and the world around you on Facebook. Sign Up, It’s free and always will be.You might know Brent Burns as a San Jose Shark defenseman turned forward. Others may know him as the six-foot-five, homeless-looking dude walking around the streets of San Jose, unaware he’s a professional hockey player. Burns’ facial follicle frenzy has … Continue reading →Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon missed the first four games of this season due to a league suspension and faced missing Sunday’s game against the San Diego Chargers because of a hamstring injury. It appears Blackmon will be ready to … Continue reading →UFC heavyweight Cain Velasquez defended his belt with a brutal beatdown of rival and former champ Junior dos Santos on Saturday.Big Papi, Dustin Pedroia and the bearded guys from Boston. Michael Wacha, Trevor Rosenthal and those fresh mugs from St. Louis.VIENNA (AP) -- Tommy Haas won his 15th career title and second this season, defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 at the Erste Bank Open on Sunday.The Indianapolis Colts gave up on Trent Richardson earlier this season. It now appears the Dallas Cowboys are ready to throw in the towel on running back DeMarco Murray. Murray sustained a knee injury in Dallas’ previous game and is … Continue reading →The Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers both moved into the Staples Center during the 1999-00 season, the only NBA teams to share an arena. Since then, the Lakers have hoisted five NBA championship banners to add to their 16 in … Continue reading →We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →Missouri took control of the SEC East and a new contender emerged in the SEC West.By Mike Collett LONDON (Reuters) - Coach Jose Mourinho was ordered from the dugout and striker Samuel Eto'o was involved in a highly debatable equaliser as Chelsea beat Cardiff City 4-1 to move up to second in the Premier League on Saturday. Mourinho, no stranger to disputes, was sent to the stands…CARSON, Calif. -- Jaime Penedo says he'll live the rest of his life with Panama's failure to hold off the US national team and move within one step of an unprecedented World Cup berth, but he hopes to ease the pain by winning an MLS Cup championship with the LA Galaxy.Patrick Daugherty has all the latest updates on Week 7 while breaking down the week's top plays.GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) -- Mike Smith never saw his first NHL goal go in. He and his Phoenix Coyotes teammates had to wait for a bit after the final buzzer sounded to see if the goal counted.The Gunners legend believes the German, who has hit the ground running in England and scored twice against Norwich on Saturday, has galvanized the rest of the squad.LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Anthony Davis, John Wall and Darius Miller aren't so far into their NBA careers that they've forgotten their college days as Kentucky standouts.Some 3,000 daredevils decked out in white outfits and red scarves dodged bulls at a Georgia horse park to get a taste of the running of the bulls, as made famous in Spain. Horse riders herded 18 bulls into a fenced course for the event, dubbed the Great Bull Run. Many stood alongside the fence as…Related: Lineup " Full coverage of the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint CupLOS ANGELES (AP) -- The Dodgers began the season poorly and then soared from last to first during a torrid 50-game stretch to make the playoffs for the first time in four years. The way they exited overshadowed it all.INCHEON, South Korea (AP) -- Amy Yang birdied the first playoff hole on Sunday to beat South Korean compatriot Hee Kyung Seo and win the KEB HanaBank Championship for her first career title.