    It is almost three years now since Fifa awarded the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively.
    In that time, world football's governing body has had to withstand 
    
numerous allegations of corruption 

     surrounding the joint vote that decided the hosts of both tournaments.
    To add to the discontent, there has also been a 
    
purge of Fifa's executive committee, 

     with eight members either suspended or forced to resign following claims of misconduct.
    Fifa president 
    
Sepp Blatter,  

     in England for the Football Association's 150th anniversary gala dinner on Saturday, will tell you that his beleaguered organisation is moving in the right direction.
    By choosing Russia (above) and Qatar to follow next year's World Cup in Brazil, Fifa has guaranteed itself another decade of problems and negative headlines.
    Or, to borrow one of his favourite analogies, he is steering the ship towards calmer seas.
    But, in many ways, the waters ahead look even choppier. 
    By choosing Russia and Qatar to follow 
    
next year's World Cup in Brazil, 

     Fifa has guaranteed itself another decade of problems and negative headlines.
    Fifa sources will tell you privately that for all the 
    
bad publicity around the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, 

     there are far more concerns within the governing body about the tournament in Brazil.
    Never mind the 
    
street protests and social unrest, 

     which are almost certain to be an issue next year, there are still question marks over transport, organisation and infrastructure in the South American country.
    Former England coach Fabio Capello, 
    
now in charge of the Russia national team, 

     told reporters recently that he was worried about Brazil's creaking transport system and the demands of playing games in different parts of such a vast country, where temperatures and conditions vary greatly.
    That is not to say that Qatar is without its own problems.
    Fifa may have parked any decision on moving the 2022 World Cup from the 
    
stifling heat of a Qatari summer 

     to the cooler temperatures of spring or winter, but the Gulf state's treatment of migrant workers following a Guardian investigation 
    
alleging slave labour 

     is still to be addressed.
    No doubt that topic will be on the agenda next month, when Blatter heads a Fifa delegation that will meet Qatar's new ruler, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani.
Fifa have parked any decision on moving the 2022 World Cup from the stifling heat of a Qatari summer to the cooler temperatures of spring or winter