Manchester United boss David Moyes declined to comment on reports of a new contract for Wayne Rooney but lauded the striker at the end of a week that reignited doubts over his Old Trafford future.Sir Alex Ferguson reiterated in a new autobiography released on Thursday his claim that Rooney wanted to leave in the summer, also calling into question the England forward's fitness.Rooney, who has scored five United goals this season, glossed over comments in the Scot's memoir after a midweek victory over Real Sociedad, preferring instead to emphasise his rapport with the new man in charge.And while Moyes refused to be drawn on a contract that expires in 2015, he insisted the Ferguson fallout had not complicated his or Rooney's preparations for Saturday's visit of Stoke. 


SUPER 6 £1M JACKPOT

Predict the correct scores for our six selected matches to win the £1million jackpot. If no-one predicts all six scores correctly then our £10,000 guaranteed prize will go to the person with the highest score of the round. Click here to play. 



Predict the correct scores for our six selected matches to win the £1million jackpot. If no-one predicts all six scores correctly then our £10,000 guaranteed prize will go to the person with the highest score of the round. Click here to play."I couldn't tell you," Moyes said when asked about Rooney's contractual situation. "All I do know is that what you see on the pitch he's playing very well."It's been great working with Wayne because he's an excellent footballer. I've said from day one he's been great."He had a very good game in midweek. We want that form to continue. We want him to keep scoring goals. He is a big plus for us just now."He's in good nick, his talent is unquestionable. He's physically very good, mentally in a good place and his form has been good." 



 




                        David Moyes expects other teams to slip up throughout the course of the season.                     



            function fw_config(){ return { siteSection:"SkySports:Article", videoAssetFallbackId:30621833 }; }
        

                        David Moyes expects other teams to slip up throughout the course of the season.                    United head into Saturday's clash with Stoke eight points adrift of leaders Arsenal, having lost three times already this season.But Moyes gave short shrift to the assertion by Potters boss and ex-United player Mark Hughes that there was an air of vulnerability about United that did not exist under Ferguson."That might be Mark's opinion," said Moyes. "He's entitled to that but we'll wait and see."There's only two months of the season gone and there will be a lot of slip-ups by teams between now and the end of the season. We don't want to lose many more if we can help it."