Rodgers: There's a long way to goLiverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has praised his sides start to the Premier League season despite their 2-0 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday.Tags: Soccer, Epl, Premier, League, Arsenal, Liverpool, Brendan, RodgersRodgers: There's a long way to govar ESPN_GLOBALS = {"videoPlayers":{"intl_videoHub09":{"height":324,"width":576,"autostart":"true","trackingName":"intl_videoHub09","adSet": "intl"}}};espn.video.embeded.play();Luis Suarez has told French radio there is "enormous" expectation that Liverpool will end their long wait for a first Premier League title this season.GettyImagesLuis Suarez is hoping his goals can help fire Liverpool to Premier League glory.• Usher: Nothing to see here• Walsh: Doubts plague LiverpoolThe Reds have not been crowned English champions since they picked up the last of their 18 titles in 1990, failing to win the title in 21 seasons of the Premier League era.Despite Brendan Rodgers' side suffering a setback with defeat to fellow early season pacesetters Arsenal last Saturday, Suarez told RMC the club's fans have hope the current squad will finally bring English football's most-coveted trophy back to Anfield."It's more than 20 years since the club won the title. The expectation is enormous. This season, we've started well, with desire and hope,” Suarez said. “We don't have European competition, which is going to allow us to focus 100% on the league.“This season in the Premier League, there is very little between the teams. Anything can happen against anyone. It's up to us to take advantage of that situation."Liverpool's start has, in large part, been down to the potent partnership Suarez has struck up with Daniel Sturridge. The pair have contributed 14 goals between them already, though Suarez's prodigious ability to find the net might have been used in the colours of Real Madrid if the Uruguayan had -- as widely reported -- managed to force a move to the Spanish capital last summer.The former Ajax forward said, however, speculation on his future was nothing more than that."There are always rumours. Sometimes too many. If I had to play for all the clubs the press sent me to, I would become completely mad. I stay out of all of that."Suarez's sizzling form has helped to piece back together his reputation, badly damaged when he was found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United's Patrice Evra for which he received an eight-match ban in 2011."That belongs to the past,” Suarez reflected. “That controversy hurt me, because I was obliged to justify myself without any proof against me. I was punished without any proof against me. Today, I only think about the present."