    Crystal Palace have no fresh injury concerns ahead of Keith Millen's first game as caretaker manager following the 
    
departure of Ian Holloway.
    Yannick Bolasie made his first league start against Fulham on Monday and should keep his place.
    Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere was substituted with an ankle injury in midweek but is expected to be fit.
    Mathieu Flamini is available after missing the defeat by Borussia Dortmund with concussion.
    I first wondered how Ian Holloway was going to fare back in the Premier League as early as the opening weekend of the season.
    "The Gunners got unhinged a bit in the Champions League in midweek, but that was because Borussia Dortmund are a very good side.
    "When the majority of play is in their own half, they still do have a weakness, but I don't see Palace doing that to them."
    Not because his team were poor in their first game against Tottenham, but because of the intensity of his reaction to the result. You may remember they 
    
lost 1-0 to a penalty for handball 

     and, although Spurs deserved to win, I thought Palace played okay and kept the game reasonably tight. 
    Holloway was absolutely steaming about a perceived foul on the halfway line shortly before the penalty award, and was ultimately fined and given a touchline ban for his reaction.
    They could almost have played the game again in the time we had to wait to interview him after the match and he was still intensely annoyed an hour and 20 minutes later.
    The point I'm making is that he appeared to be wound up like a clock and looked like a man who'd worked himself to the bone all summer. I left Selhurst Park thinking it was going to be a long winter if he was already blowing a gasket to that intensity. 
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Wilshere goal better than Kasami's - Wenger    Desire, total commitment and enthusiasm are what you always get from Holloway and he did a great job in leading Palace up in his first season. But the usual effervescence wasn't there anymore after a chaotic summer that took its toll on the spirit within the squad and the spirit of the manager. 
    While the search for a new manager is underway, the season rolls on and Keith Millen, Holloway's number two, faces the daunting prospect of being in charge for the visit of league leaders Arsenal for this lunchtime kick-off. 
    He'll try to lift a squad who've scored only twice and conceded 13 in a run of five straight defeats, culminating in Monday's 4-1 home defeat by Fulham. 
     Head-to-head

     Crystal Palace

     Arsenal

