    Barcelona dropped points for the first time this season as they were held to a goalless draw by lowly Osasuna.
    The champions saw their 13-match winning run in the league come to a frustrating end in Pamplona as they failed to score in La Liga for the first time since January 2012.
    Andres Iniesta and Marc Bartra passed up chances in a scrappy opening period.
    Cesc Fabregas drove over with the best opportunity of the second half as Osasuna held on for a draw.
    It was the first time in 65 games stretching back to the goalless draw at Villarreal 18 months ago that Barcelona have been shut out in La Liga.
    With captain Carles Puyol 
    
back after seven months out with a knee injury, 

     Iniesta failed to test Andres Fernandez with a drive and Bartra headed over from a corner.
    After the interval, Fabregas was picked out by an incisive pass from Neymar but his shot was easily gathered by Fernandez and the former Arsenal man also thumped over after he was played through by Xavi.
    Even the introduction of 
    
Lionel Messi, 

     who has been out since 28 September with a thigh injury, as a substitute midway through the second half failed to inspire a breakthrough.
    However, the point was enough to move Barcelona clear at the top of the table as Atletico Madrid's winning start to the season was also ended in a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol.
    Goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois's own goal 10 minutes after the break handed Espanyol the points to leave Atletico a point adrift of Barca in second place.
    Full Time   Match ends, Osasuna 0, Barcelona 0.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Osasuna 0, Barcelona 0.     Hand ball by Cristian Tello (Barcelona).   Booking     Manuel Omwu (Osasuna) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Manuel Omwu (Osasuna).   Booking     Roberto Torres (Osasuna) is shown the yellow card.     Hand ball by Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona).     Attempt blocked. Adriano (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Roberto Torres.   Booking     Adriano (Barcelona) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Adriano (Barcelona).     Francisco Puñal (Osasuna) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt saved. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Sergio Busquets.     Carles Puyol (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Oier (Osasuna).   Substitution     Substitution, Osasuna. Oier replaces Miguel Ángel de las Cuevas.     Attempt missed. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Sergio Busquets.   Booking     Marc Bertrán (Osasuna) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Neymar (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Marc Bertrán (Osasuna).     Foul by Andrés Iniesta (Barcelona).     Roberto Torres (Osasuna) wins a free kick on the left wing.   Substitution     Substitution, Barcelona. Cristian Tello replaces Pedro.     Attempt blocked. Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Sergio Busquets.     Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Marc Bertrán.     Lionel Messi (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Francisco Puñal (Osasuna).     Andrés Iniesta (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Francisco Silva (Osasuna).     Attempt missed. Adriano (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Andrés Iniesta.     Lionel Messi (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Dangerous play by Alejandro Arribas (Osasuna).   Substitution     Substitution, Barcelona. Lionel Messi replaces Xavi.   Substitution     Substitution, Osasuna. Francisco Puñal replaces Oriol Riera.     Attempt missed. Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.     Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Roberto Torres.     Neymar (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Marc Bertrán (Osasuna).     Attempt missed. Francisco Silva (Osasuna) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assisted by Miguel Ángel de las Cuevas.     Carles Puyol (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Manuel Omwu (Osasuna).     Neymar (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Marc Bertrán (Osasuna).     Attempt missed. Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Xavi with a through ball.     Attempt saved. Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Foul by Sergio Busquets (Barcelona).     Oriol Riera (Osasuna) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Osasuna. Andrés tries a through ball, but Miguel Ángel de las Cuevas is caught offside.     Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Marc Bertrán.     Andrés Iniesta (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Francisco Silva (Osasuna).     Offside, Osasuna. Lolo tries a through ball, but Miguel Ángel de las Cuevas is caught offside.       Second Half begins Osasuna 0, Barcelona 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Osasuna 0, Barcelona 0.     Attempt saved. Roberto Torres (Osasuna) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Miguel Ángel de las Cuevas.     Dangerous play by Pedro (Barcelona).     Damiá (Osasuna) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt missed. Marc Bartra (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Xavi with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Alejandro Arribas.     Attempt missed. Damiá (Osasuna) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Roberto Torres with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Osasuna. Conceded by Carles Puyol.     Attempt blocked. Pedro (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Adriano (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Jordan Loties (Osasuna).   Booking     Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona) is shown the yellow card for hand ball.     Hand ball by Francesc Fábregas (Barcelona).     Attempt missed. Manuel Omwu (Osasuna) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Roberto Torres with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Osasuna. Conceded by Carles Puyol.     Attempt missed. Andrés Iniesta (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Pedro.     Foul by Adriano (Barcelona).     Miguel Ángel de las Cuevas (Osasuna) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt saved. Andrés Iniesta (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Adriano.     Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Oriol Riera (Osasuna).     Pedro (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Damiá (Osasuna).     Offside, Barcelona. Andrés Iniesta tries a through ball, but Neymar is caught offside.   Substitution     Substitution, Osasuna. Manuel Omwu replaces Sisi because of an injury.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Sisi (Osasuna) because of an injury.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Sisi (Osasuna) because of an injury.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers