Joe Hart's hopes of a swift end to his misery at Manchester City have been dashed by confirmation from manager Manuel Pellegrini that he will remain on the bench against CSKA Moscow in the Champions League.The England goalkeeper lost his club place on Saturday after his mistake at Chelsea the previous week proved one too many in an error-prone season.Hart could only watch as City crushed Norwich 7-0 - a game in which Costel Pantilimon had little to do - but Pellegrini confirmed the Romanian will start again when CSKA visit the Etihad on Tuesday. 



 




                        Manuel Pellegrini claims Joe Hart's confidence has not been affected despite being dropped.                     



            function fw_config(){ return { siteSection:"SkySports:Article", videoAssetFallbackId:30621833 }; }
        

                        Manuel Pellegrini claims Joe Hart's confidence has not been affected despite being dropped.                    "I don't know when Joe will come back to the team," the manager said. "It is very important for him to have a rest. He has played all the matches in the last two and a half years."We will see in the future what we must do. For today, Pantilimon is playing."Sky Sports pundit Dwight Yorke believes Hart has been hard done by and said: "This is the England number one we are talking about. Since he has taken over the reins from Shay Given, he has played 123 consecutive Premier League games for City and has been their number one player for a number of years."This is going to be a testing time for him. As a player, you want to play in every game and he's going through a phase where he has not played his best and you feel that his position is under threat. At this level when you're playing for such a top club, you've got to be performing week in, week out.




v




Live UEFA Champions League
Man City vs CSKA Mosc
November 5, 2013, 7:00pm

                        Sky Sports 2 HD                



Remote Record


Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports




November 5, 2013, 7:00pm"He will probably think he's been hard-done-by because of all the good saves and good play in the past, but at this level when you do slip up there are people waiting."City will be without striker Stevan Jovetic for the game against CSKA, with the Montenegro international ruled out for another three weeks.Jovetic, who has been hampered by injuries since signing from Fiorentina in the summer, was substituted after just 10 minutes of last week's Capital One Cup tie at Newcastle with a calf problem.Captain Vincent Kompany also remains on the sidelines as he continues his recovery from a groin injury.Pellegrini said: "Jovetic has at least three weeks. Except Vincent Kompany and Richard Wright, all the other players are fit."The manager dismissed concerns over striker Alvaro Negredo's fitness, saying the Spaniard was substituted early against Norwich after feeling the effects of playing extra time at Newcastle."Alvaro is okay," he said. "He doesn't have any problem. He just played 45 minutes because he played 115 minutes three days before." 



 




                        Matt Murray says Joe Hart should learn from David De Gea's experiences at Manchester United.                     



            function fw_config(){ return { siteSection:"SkySports:Article", videoAssetFallbackId:30621833 }; }
        

                        Matt Murray says Joe Hart should learn from David De Gea's experiences at Manchester United.                    City can all-but clinch a place in the knockout stages of the Champions Leaguefor the first time by repeating their success over the Russians of a fortnight ago.Sergio Aguero scored twice as City came from behind to secure a 2-1 win but the game was overshadowed by Yaya Toure's complaints of racist chanting from sections of the home support.CSKA have since been charged by UEFA and ordered to play their next home game in the competition at a partially-closed stadium.Manchester City v CSKA Moscow is live on Sky Sports 2 HD from 7pm on Tuesday.