Arsenal legend Dennis Bergkamp believes Arsene Wenger's high fliers could end the club's trophy drought by winning the Premier League title this season.EmpicsDenis Bergkamp won trophies while at Arsenal.• Mangan: No easy selectionsBergkamp says he can "see some similarities" in the title winning sides he was a part of during Wenger's trophy winning era at Arsenal, as he believes they are starting to develop a fresh aura that will carry them forward."I see a lot of things similar to my time at Arsenal," Bergkamp told Sky Sports. "I see a lot of movement in the team, a lot of commitment. They know what they want to do and they know how they want to go forward."They know what they want to do and what they need to do to go forward. It's enjoyable to watch but it's effective as well, which is good after something was missing these past few years. From this start, they have a chance."Bergkamp is currently working on the coaching staff at Ajax, but he has suggested he would relish the chance to return to Arsenal, with his name being floated as a contender to succeed the outgoing Liam Brady as the club's next Academy Director."I would love to go to England some time, preferably Arsenal, but I don't see myself as a head coach or manager. I see myself as part of a coaching team," added Bergkamp."Still, I'm settled here [at Ajax]. We've started something here and I'm looking forward to staying here for a few more years."Meanwhile, boss Wenger has admitted club captain Thomas Vermaelen may face a lengthy wait to return to his first team line-up, even though he admitted he will be forced to consider a move away from Arsenal in January unless he gets a run in the team.Vermaelen's desire to cling onto his place in the Belgium line-up ahead of next summer's World Cup finals is forcing him to contemplate a mid-season transfer, with Wenger conceding his skipper is in a tricky position."Vermaelen is my captain so I rate him but it's difficult to change the current pair," stated Wenger. "Unfortunately when you have 20 good players, nine good players don't play."That is the job of the players, to compete. We are in a job where you have to be ready when you are needed. I named him [Thomas] captain because he is a player you rate and a player with good behaviour as well. He is a top guy with a fantastic attitude."Wenger went on to confirm that injury prone midfielder Abou Diaby will be out of action until March at the earliest, after he underwent surgery on his troublesome knee."He had a little key hole surgery again, on the knee because his knee blew up every time he did something, so it is now six months for him to come back," added the Arsenal boss. "He could not even jog yet so with new surgery it is a set back for him. He cannot play before March.”