    Christian Benteke could start for Aston Villa after returning from a hip injury as a substitute during last weekend's defeat by Tottenham. 
    Central defender Ciaran Clark is available after missing that match because of illness.
    Everton defender John Heitinga suffered soft tissue damage in training and is a doubt for Saturday's game.
    Steven Pienaar is pushing for a recall after coming off the bench to score against Hull on his return from injury.
    On the weekend when the Football Association celebrates its 150th anniversary, Aston Villa and Everton meet again in a fixture that has taken place more often than any other.
    These two clubs have almost 215 top-flight seasons - and 16 league titles - between them. Whilst Messrs Lambert and Martinez are well aware of their respective club's history and tradition, their focus will be far more immediate.
    In Villa's case, the aim is a return to winning ways after defeat by Spurs and a chance to try and improve their home form with Cardiff and Sunderland the next two visitors after Saturday. Villa have taken just 14 points from the last 48 at Villa Park and, incredibly, Paul Lambert has won more games away from home.
    "A lot depends on whether Christian Benteke is fit enough to start on Saturday but, if he does play a significant part of the match, then my feeling is this one will be very close."
    They've proved a match for most on their day and have already beaten Arsenal and Manchester City this season, but with their young squad and new faces it's proved difficult to find consistency.
    That quest is made far easier when their top scorer is fit. This match sees two much-talked about young Belgian centre forwards vying for the spotlight.
    Villa will hope Christian Benteke can return to the starting line up and help defeat his international team-mate Romelu Lukaku. Between them they have scored 33 Premier League goals in this calendar year, and only Daniel Sturridge and Robin van Persie can boast similar strike rates. 
    Lukaku's loan signing was huge for Roberto Martinez, who could have been in the opposite dugout if he had 
    
taken up the offer two years ago 

     to succeed Gerard Houllier at Villa. 
    The Everton boss has plenty of other attacking options to support Lukaku as well; Ross Barkley has started every Premier League match so far, and last weekend I saw both Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar on target as they beat Hull.
    That was Everton's fourth win in five games but their away form will offer Villa encouragement. The 3-2 win at West Ham earlier in the season is their only success in 12 away trips.
    One thing is for sure, there will be short odds on a Belgian striker grabbing the headlines.
     Head-to-head

     Aston Villa

     Everton

