    Stoke and West Brom played out a 0-0 draw at the Britannia Stadium, meaning Mark Hughes's Potters have only scored one goal in five Premier League games.
    The Baggies had a strong appeal for a second-half penalty when Youssouf Mulumbu ghosted past Charlie Adam, only for Adam to tread on his heels.
    Referee Howard Webb looked to assistant Mike Mullarkey, who waved play on.
    Stephane Sessegnon should have won it for the visitors late on, but shot straight at Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic.
    The hosts' best chance fell to Adam, whose shot from the halfway line was tipped over by Boaz Myhill, as the game finished goalless - as had 
    
their last meeting, in March.
    West Brom are now unbeaten in five league games for the first time since April 2011, but Stoke have not won in the league since 
    
defeating West Ham in August.
    After an opening where neither team's players seemed capable of passing to a player in the same coloured shirt, West Brom gradually started to have the better of the first half.
11Attempts93On target56Corners612Fouls102Offside2402Passes39950%Possession50%    Sessegnon missed a great chance, beating two Stoke defenders, but his shot was easily gathered by Begovic, who made a fine stop soon after.
    Fierce tracking back by Victor Anichebe won the ball back for Sessegnon, and when the Benin attacker played in Morgan Amalfitano, his clumsy first touch left him without enough space to lift the ball over the goalkeeper.
    Stoke's best chance of the first half came from a well-rehearsed free-kick. Marko Arnautovic side-footed through to Stephen Ireland, whose pull-back was clipped away for a corner from the edge of the six-yard box.
    West Brom's penalty claim came not long after the break as Mulumbu slipped past Adam in the penalty area with a deft change of pace, before the ex-Liverpool midfielder trod on the Congo player's heels.
    Although referee Webb did not have a clear view, his assistant ruled there was no infringement.
    Stoke used the close call to spur them on as Arnautovic pinged in a low cross at the other end, with Ireland blazing over the bar from close range.
    Soon after, Adam tried his luck from halfway, with a rapidly backpedalling Myhill getting back just in time to tip over the bar.
    Arnautovic and Ireland continued to link well, with the Austrian just short of prodding home the on-loan midfielder's cross.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Stoke lack killer touch - Hughes    Sessegnon should have won it in injury time, beating four players, but once again, could only fire straight at Begovic.
     Stoke manager Mark Hughes: 

    "It was well-fought and evenly matched. Our keeper made a number of outstanding saves, most notably at the end, for which we're very grateful. Nil-nil was a fair result for both teams.
    "West Brom will question that penalty opportunity but I was saying the same thing at Fulham a couple of weeks back. Perhaps these things even themselves out.
    "We're looking for that killer touch up front: we've used different combinations. We're very close - it's a matter of getting our noses in front in a match."
    Full Time   Match ends, Stoke City 0, West Bromwich Albion 0.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Stoke City 0, West Bromwich Albion 0.     Attempt missed. Robert Huth (Stoke City) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Stephen Ireland with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Jonas Olsson.   Substitution     Substitution, Stoke City. Wilson Palacios replaces Marko Arnautovic.     Attempt missed. James Morrison (West Bromwich Albion) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Stéphane Sessegnon with a cross.     Attempt saved. Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Liam Ridgewell.     Attempt blocked. Youssuf Mulumbu (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Foul by Nicolas Anelka (West Bromwich Albion).     Asmir Begovic (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Youssuf Mulumbu (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Nicolas Anelka.     Nicolas Anelka (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Marc Wilson (Stoke City).     Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Andy Wilkinson (Stoke City).     Corner,  West Bromwich Albion. Conceded by Marc Wilson.   Substitution     Substitution, Stoke City. Marc Wilson replaces Charlie Adam.     Foul by Charlie Adam (Stoke City).     Billy Jones (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Kenwyne Jones (Stoke City).     Liam Ridgewell (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, West Bromwich Albion. Shane Long replaces Victor Anichebe.     Attempt missed. Erik Pieters (Stoke City) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Oussama Assaidi.     Attempt saved. Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.   Booking     Andy Wilkinson (Stoke City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Andy Wilkinson (Stoke City).     Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Boaz Myhill.     Attempt saved. Charlie Adam (Stoke City) left footed shot from more than 40 yards on the left wing is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Kenwyne Jones.     Attempt saved. Stephen Ireland (Stoke City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Charlie Adam.     Attempt saved. Claudio Yacob (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Liam Ridgewell.     Attempt missed. Stephen Ireland (Stoke City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Marko Arnautovic with a cross.   Substitution     Substitution, West Bromwich Albion. James Morrison replaces Morgan Amalfitano.   Substitution     Substitution, West Bromwich Albion. Nicolas Anelka replaces Saido Berahino.     Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Jonas Olsson.   Substitution     Substitution, Stoke City. Kenwyne Jones replaces Jonathan Walters.     Attempt missed. Saido Berahino (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Morgan Amalfitano with a headed pass following a corner.     Corner,  West Bromwich Albion. Conceded by Erik Pieters.     Erik Pieters (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion).     Foul by Robert Huth (Stoke City).     Youssuf Mulumbu (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Ryan Shawcross (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Victor Anichebe (West Bromwich Albion).     Asmir Begovic (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Jonas Olsson (West Bromwich Albion).     Corner,  West Bromwich Albion. Conceded by Andy Wilkinson.       Second Half begins Stoke City 0, West Bromwich Albion 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Stoke City 0, West Bromwich Albion 0.     Attempt missed. Steven N'Zonzi (Stoke City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Marko Arnautovic.     Oussama Assaidi (Stoke City) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Liam Ridgewell (West Bromwich Albion).     Foul by Robert Huth (Stoke City).     Victor Anichebe (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt missed. Marko Arnautovic (Stoke City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Oussama Assaidi with a cross.     Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Claudio Yacob.     Charlie Adam (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Youssuf Mulumbu (West Bromwich Albion).     Attempt missed. Charlie Adam (Stoke City) header from very close range is too high. Assisted by Marko Arnautovic with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Billy Jones.     Andy Wilkinson (Stoke City) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Claudio Yacob (West Bromwich Albion).     Foul by Jonathan Walters (Stoke City).     Liam Ridgewell (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Stoke City. Charlie Adam tries a through ball, but Jonathan Walters is caught offside.     Foul by Robert Huth (Stoke City).     Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Erik Pieters (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Victor Anichebe (West Bromwich Albion).     Corner,  West Bromwich Albion. Conceded by Jonathan Walters.     Attempt saved. Morgan Amalfitano (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Stéphane Sessegnon.     Charlie Adam (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Claudio Yacob (West Bromwich Albion).     Offside, West Bromwich Albion. Jonas Olsson tries a through ball, but Victor Anichebe is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Jonathan Walters (Stoke City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Stephen Ireland with a headed pass.     Corner,  West Bromwich Albion. Conceded by Asmir Begovic.     Attempt saved. Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Saido Berahino.     Foul by Steven N'Zonzi (Stoke City).     Claudio Yacob (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Charlie Adam (Stoke City).     Attempt blocked. Billy Jones (West Bromwich Albion) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Morgan Amalfitano with a cross.     Offside, Stoke City. Charlie Adam tries a through ball, but Oussama Assaidi is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Stéphane Sessegnon (West Bromwich Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Victor Anichebe with a cross.     Corner,  West Bromwich Albion. Conceded by Steven N'Zonzi.     Offside, West Bromwich Albion. Youssuf Mulumbu tries a through ball, but Morgan Amalfitano is caught offside.     Foul by Jonathan Walters (Stoke City).     Liam Ridgewell (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Youssuf Mulumbu.     Foul by Gareth McAuley (West Bromwich Albion).     Jonathan Walters (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers