    Djibril Cisse's injury-time penalty denied Swansea victory in their Europa League match against Russian side Kuban Krasnodar.
    Michu put the hosts 1-0 up with a brave finish midway through the second half.
    But Swansea goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel conceded a 93rd-minute penalty when he brought down substitute Ibrahima Balde in the box.  
    Former Liverpool striker Cisse stepped up to score the penalty to earn the visitors' first point in the group.
    This was the first time Swansea had dropped a point and conceded a goal in Group A.
    They lacked their normal fluency but their visitors, who had won just once in their past 10 games, deserve credit.
    Manager Michael Laudrup believes the Swans need 10 or 11 points to reach the knockout stages, meaning they need a win in one of their three remaining games to reach his target.
    The Welsh side face Krasnodar in the return match on 7 November before games against St Gallen away and Valencia at home.
    It took the home side time to find their rhythm, with the visitors offering stubborn resistance in the opening exchanges.
    Winger Nathan Dyer's close control in the penalty area was only let down by his tame strike and Swansea's first chance came after a pass from Michu put Jonjo Shelvey through only for the former Liverpool midfielder to push his shot past the post.
    The Russian side responded with two chances of their own, with Chico Flores forced to clear a cross from Arsen Khubulov over his own bar before Tremmel had to palm a speculative shot from Maksim Zhavnerchik past the post.
    The Swans were lucky not to be down to 10 men after a Kuban break caught their defence flat-footed, with full-back Dwight Tiendalli shown only a yellow card for a foul on Lorenzo Melgarejo as the striker bore down on goal.    
    Shelvey had another chance just before the break but his free-kick went over the bar.
    After the break, Michu fired a speculative shot into the side-netting before putting the home side ahead, finishing off a sweeping move by latching onto Alejandro Pozuelo's chip and bravely sliding the ball home.
    But in the last attack of the match, Tremmell brought Balde down in the area and Cisse stepped up to score his side's first goal in the group.
    Full Time   Match ends, Swansea City 1, Kuban Krasnodar 1.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Swansea City 1, Kuban Krasnodar 1.     Attempt missed. Álvaro (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Jonjo Shelvey.   Goal!     Goal!  Swansea City 1, Kuban Krasnodar 1. Djibril Cissé (Kuban Krasnodar) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.   Booking     Gerhard Tremmel (Swansea City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Penalty conceded by Gerhard Tremmel (Swansea City) after a foul in the penalty area.     Penalty Kuban Krasnodar. Ibrahima Baldé draws a foul in the penalty area.     Attempt saved. Angel Rangel (Swansea City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Álex Pozuelo.     Attempt blocked. Álex Pozuelo (Swansea City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roland Lamah.     Attempt blocked. Gigel Bucur (Kuban Krasnodar) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Vladislav Ignatjev.     Attempt blocked. Michu (Swansea City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Álex Pozuelo.     Foul by Michu (Swansea City).     Charles Kaboré (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Ibrahima Baldé (Kuban Krasnodar) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Aleksei Kozlov with a cross.     Attempt missed. Artem Fidler (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Maksim Zhavnerchik.     Attempt missed. Charles Kaboré (Kuban Krasnodar) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a corner.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Chico.     Foul by Angel Rangel (Swansea City).     Maksim Zhavnerchik (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Djibril Cissé (Kuban Krasnodar) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Charles Kaboré with a cross.   Substitution     Substitution, Swansea City. Roland Lamah replaces Nathan Dyer.   Substitution     Substitution, Kuban Krasnodar. Ibrahima Baldé replaces Ivelin Popov.     Attempt saved. Álvaro (Swansea City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Nathan Dyer.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Jordi Amat.     Foul by Jordi Amat (Swansea City).     Djibril Cissé (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt saved. Jonjo Shelvey (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.     Nathan Dyer (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Vladislav Ignatjev (Kuban Krasnodar).   Substitution     Substitution, Kuban Krasnodar. Vladislav Ignatjev replaces Arsen Khubulov.   Goal!     Goal!  Swansea City 1, Kuban Krasnodar 0. Michu (Swansea City) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Álex Pozuelo.     Attempt blocked. Michu (Swansea City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Angel Rangel with a cross.     Attempt missed. Michu (Swansea City) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Neil Taylor.   Substitution     Substitution, Kuban Krasnodar. Gigel Bucur replaces Lorenzo Melgarejo.     Attempt blocked. Álex Pozuelo (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.   Substitution     Substitution, Swansea City. Angel Rangel replaces Dwight Tiendalli.   Substitution     Substitution, Swansea City. Álvaro replaces Wilfried Bony.     Foul by Jordi Amat (Swansea City).     Aleksei Kozlov (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Aleksei Kozlov.     Álex Pozuelo (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Artem Fidler (Kuban Krasnodar).     José Cañas (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Ivelin Popov (Kuban Krasnodar).     Attempt blocked. Jonjo Shelvey (Swansea City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Michu.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Chico.     Attempt blocked. Ivelin Popov (Kuban Krasnodar) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Djibril Cissé.     Foul by Wilfried Bony (Swansea City).     Igor Armas (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt saved. Djibril Cissé (Kuban Krasnodar) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Arsen Khubulov with a cross.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Neil Taylor.       Second Half begins Swansea City 0, Kuban Krasnodar 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Swansea City 0, Kuban Krasnodar 0.     Attempt missed. Jonjo Shelvey (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick.   Booking     Igor Armas (Kuban Krasnodar) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Michu (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Igor Armas (Kuban Krasnodar).     Offside, Swansea City. Jonjo Shelvey tries a through ball, but Wilfried Bony is caught offside.     Nathan Dyer (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Charles Kaboré (Kuban Krasnodar).     Foul by Michu (Swansea City).     Charles Kaboré (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Ivelin Popov (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick.   Booking     Dwight Tiendalli (Swansea City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Dwight Tiendalli (Swansea City).     Lorenzo Melgarejo (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Dwight Tiendalli (Swansea City).     Lorenzo Melgarejo (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Attempt missed. Neil Taylor (Swansea City) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.     Offside, Kuban Krasnodar. Aleksei Kozlov tries a through ball, but Ivelin Popov is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Djibril Cissé (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Ivelin Popov.     Attempt missed. Wilfried Bony (Swansea City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Neil Taylor.     Attempt missed. Jonjo Shelvey (Swansea City) left footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Dwight Tiendalli.     Attempt missed. Xandao (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Igor Armas with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Gerhard Tremmel.     Attempt saved. Maksim Zhavnerchik (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Charles Kaboré.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Chico.     Attempt missed. Jonjo Shelvey (Swansea City) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Michu.     Attempt saved. Nathan Dyer (Swansea City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Attempt missed. Maksim Zhavnerchik (Kuban Krasnodar) left footed shot from outside the box is too high following a set piece situation.     Foul by Neil Taylor (Swansea City).     Arsen Khubulov (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Wilfried Bony (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Igor Armas (Kuban Krasnodar).     Attempt missed. Djibril Cissé (Kuban Krasnodar) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Maksim Zhavnerchik with a cross.     Attempt missed. Igor Armas (Kuban Krasnodar) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Arsen Khubulov with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Kuban Krasnodar. Conceded by Neil Taylor.     Attempt blocked. Arsen Khubulov (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked.     Foul by Dwight Tiendalli (Swansea City).     Lorenzo Melgarejo (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Aleksei Kozlov (Kuban Krasnodar) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.     Foul by Wilfried Bony (Swansea City).     Xandao (Kuban Krasnodar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers