    Football already has 'The Special One' with Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho.
    Manchester United fans have taken to calling 
    
David Moyes 'The Chosen One' 

     after Sir Alex Ferguson decided he was the man to replace him at Old Trafford.
    Now 
    
Fifa president Sepp Blatter 

     has, it appears, made Jeffrey Webb 'The Anointed One' by making it clear he views his vice-president as a potential successor at the head of football's world governing body.

“It's about giving back, it's about serving the game. Who knows what lies in the future?”
    That would cap a remarkable rise for Webb, a 49-year-old lawyer from Grand Cayman, the bejewelled isle in the Caribbean Sea that this week played host to the great and the good of the game as they made plans for its future. 
    A gala dinner attended by regional political figures was designed to show that Concacaf, the confederation responsible for North America, Central America and the Caribbean, has been reborn after several years stained by corruption.
    Webb, who took charge of Concacaf in 2012, launched an integrity report and audit into the activities of his predecessor Jack Warner. It concluded there had been serious managerial failings and that millions of dollars of funding had been misused.
    He then received a significant profile boost when he was appointed the head of 
    
Fifa's anti-discrimination task-force 

     in March, granting him an opportunity to hone presidential skills by formulating an agreement over a response to racism - before presenting amendments to the world governing body's statutes at its annual congress in Mauritius.
     Total number of presidents:

     8
     Current president:

     Sepp Blatter, since 1998
     Previous president:

     Joao Havelange from 1974 to 1998
     Longest time spent in office:

     Jules Rimet - 33 years from 1921 to 1954
     Number of English presidents:

     3 - Daniel Burley Woolfall (1906-1918), Arthur Drewry (1955-1961), Stanley Rous (1961-1974)
    With his credentials established, Webb's presidential candidacy looks as if it is being pushed into the next phase.
    Blatter, addressing the audience of dignitaries in the Caribbean at the start of the week, remarked that Fifa could soon have a new president and that it could be Webb.
    The remark was later spun as a throwaway line, no more than a crowd-pleasing joke.
    But many a true word is said in jest - and it appears that Webb is now seen within Fifa circles as a credible contender to replace Blatter when the moment is right.
    When asked about Webb's viability as a successor, Blatter was keen to dampen his initial enthusiasm, emphasising time was on Webb's side.
    "He is just one and a half years in [to his time at] Fifa, so let him grow up," said Blatter, suggesting Webb needed more experience and time to get used to wielding the power he has because it "is not so easy to be at the helm of an organisation like Fifa".
Blatter and Webb were together during the Olympic men's football final between Mexico and Brazil