
ESPN FC Extra: Gunners go to GermanyBurley and Moreno preview Arsenal's crucial trip to face Dortmund. The guys give their predictions!Tags: Arsenal, Borussia Dortmund, Uefa Champions LeagueESPN FC Extra: Gunners go to GermanyNEXT VIDEO ESPN FC Extra: Gunners go to GermanyESPN FC Extra: Gunners go to GermanyBurley and Moreno preview Arsenal's crucial trip to face Dortmund. The guys give their predictions!Tags: Arsenal, Borussia Dortmund, Uefa Champions LeagueESPN FC: Gunners aiming highESPN FC: Gunners aiming highIan Darke discusses if Arsenal has shown it has what it takes to win the title.Tags: Soccer, Arsenal, Epl, Premier, LeagueESPN FC: Attacking ArsenalESPN FC: Attacking ArsenalCraig Burley breaks down how the Liverpool attack can break down Arsenal's defense.Tags: Soccer, Epl, Premier, League, Arsenal, Liverpool, Suarezvar ESPN_GLOBALS = {"videoPlayers":{"intl_videoHub09":{"height":324,"width":576,"autostart":"true","trackingName":"intl_videoHub09","adSet": "intl"}}};espn.video.embeded.play();

Mesut Ozil says Arsenal have every chance of ending their trophy drought by winning the Premier League title this season.  
• Mangan: Arteta showed value against Liverpool• Jolly: Arsenal's midfield overwhelm Liverpool

Ozil, 25, has impressed for league leaders Arsenal ever since his last-minute switch from Real Madrid to the Emirates, which, at 50 million euros, made him the most expensive German footballer of all time. 

Only recently, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger compared the former Werder Bremen man to France legend Zinedine Zidane, claiming "Ozil is even a bit better in dribbling" and praising the attitude and technical abilities of his playmaker. 
Speaking to Bild ahead of the club’s Champions League tie against Borussia Dortmund, their fourth meeting in two years, Ozil said that the Gunners could end the season top of the Premier League. 

"Why not," he said. "If you have a five-point lead after ten games, you also have the makings to end the season on top." 

The midfielder also reiterated that opting for Arsenal and London was a wise decision, adding: "Frankly. Everything at Arsenal is great fun. The manager, the teammates, London life -- I feel really great there."

Looking ahead to Arsenal’s match at Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday, Ozil warned that Klopp’s side has become even stronger than the side that reached the Champions League final last season.

"Whoever beats us at home, is among the title favourite’s," he said. "Dortmund had a strong team last season. And I have the impression that they have become even better."