    Caretaker boss Mark Venus is on the shortlist to replace Tony Mowbray as permanent manager at Middlesbrough, according to chairman Steve Gibson.

Mowbray was sacked on Monday 

     and Venus, his assistant for the past 10 years, took temporary charge at the Riverside.
    "Mark will have the chance turn things around," Gibson told 
    
BBC Tees.
    "I have given him all the support and authority he would have if he was permanent manager and he will now have the chance to put his name forward."
    Gibson ended Mowbray's tenure after 
    
Saturday's 3-2 defeat at Barnsley 

     took Middlesbrough's record for 2013 to 24 points from 33 games.
    He is now searching for a sixth permanent manager since taking control of the club in 1993.
    "Sacking Tony was a very hard decision to implement because he is a great guy who I love to bits, but an easy decision because we've been so poor this calendar year," Gibson added.
    "The playing squad we have is much better than the results obtained and I hope Mark can get them playing to their capability.
    "He is the manager until I say he isn't. We will take as long as necessary to make the right appointment - there is no deadline in my mind."
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.    If he were to be given the job on a permanent basis, it would be Hartlepool-born Venus's first spell as a full-time boss.
    He had one game in charge of Hibernian in October 2006 when Mowbray left for West Brom - a 2-2 draw against Edinburgh rivals Hearts, before moving to The Hawthorns.
    However, the 46-year-old will lead Boro into Friday's 
    
Championship match against Doncaster 

     having made one addition to the squad after 
    
centre-back Daniel Ayala arrived on a three-month loan from Norwich.
    "It has been a very emotional time for everyone concerned," Venus said.
    "For me more than most it has been very difficult and I spoke with Tony before agreeing to stay on because I felt that was the right thing for me to do.
    "Now I hope the players can do me justice on the pitch."
