UEFA are waiting for the match officials' report before commenting on the racism row which followed Manchester City's match at CSKA Moscow.City skipper Yaya Toure was the target of monkey chants from a section of CSKA fans in the Champions League match in Moscow on Tuesday.City, who won the match 2-1, will make an official complaint to UEFA about the chanting, and the governing body have confirmed they will investigate if the match officials confirm the incident.UEFA told Sky Sports News: "We are awaiting the reports from the match which should land at some point today or tomorrow."Once received, the contents will determine whether a disciplinary case be opened. Should this be the case, we will communicate accordingly." 


UEFA REGULATIONS

SANCTIONS FOR RACIST BEHAVIOURFirst offence: Minimum of partial stadium closure. Second offence: One match behind closed doors and a fine of £42,5000.Third offence: More than one match behind closed doors, stadium closure, deduction of points or disqualification. 



SANCTIONS FOR RACIST BEHAVIOURFirst offence: Minimum of partial stadium closure. Second offence: One match behind closed doors and a fine of £42,5000.Third offence: More than one match behind closed doors, stadium closure, deduction of points or disqualification.Toure spoke to the referee and City officials spoke to UEFA's match delegate after the match at the Arena Khimki and the club will make a written complaint on their return to Manchester.Toure told Sky Sports: "I told the ref. I think it was unbelievable and very sad. We want to stop that."I think UEFA have to do a lot to try to stop it. Maybe close the stadium for a couple of games. As an African player, it is always sad when you hear something like that."For me, as captain, I was wearing an armband which said 'no to racism' and I was totally disappointed."It's stupid these people. I don't know, it just happens in football. It's unbelievable. They're stupid, they're just stupid. UEFA has to take action to right it otherwise I think they will just continue."The Kick It Out anti-racism campaign backed Toure's stand.The campaign group said: "First and foremost the support of Kick It Out is with Yaya and everyone associated with the club."He has been brave and proactive not only by speaking out after the game, but by reporting it to the referee too. It was the referee's role to then stop the game which would have dealt with the problem instantly. This was a key failing of last night."When abuse is officially logged like this, the offending club should be charged and an automatic partial stadium closure by UEFA can be explored. A second offence could mean a full stadium closure."Things are not perfect in this country. But this type of abuse is a depressing throwback and raises questions around the suitability of Russia as World Cup hosts."City manager Manuel Pellegrini added: "It's a pity and I hope we have the right measures." 



 




                        Yaya Toure was left saddened after being the victim of racist chants during Manchester City's game with CSKA Moscow.                     



            function fw_config(){ return { siteSection:"SkySports:Article", videoAssetFallbackId:30621833 }; }
        

                        Yaya Toure was left saddened after being the victim of racist chants during Manchester City's game with CSKA Moscow.                    FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce called on the Russian authorities to clamp down on racism."The Russian federation have got to assure - along with the Russian government - that these incidents are put to bed because it's happening too often. Too much abuse has been happening in many, many parts of eastern Europe," he said."Eastern Europe have problems, but we have problems in other parts of the world as well. It's got to be eradicated and the only way is to take serious action against the people who do it - don't allow them to watch football matches."I am absolutely appalled by events of this evening. I've always been outspoken against any form of racialism or sectarianism in sport."The incidents in Moscow comes 18 months after Porto were fined £16,700 for their fans' racial abuse of Mario Balotelli during a Europa League game against City.Toure took to Twitter after the game to make his feelings known, with the City midfielder putting his faith in UEFA to take action.Thank you for your support! Hate or racism cannot affect me when so many people are showing me love and support on a daily basis!I believe in football institutions, I know decision makers will take their responsibilties and show A RED CARD TO RACISMPiara Powar, executive director of the FARE Network (Football Against Racism in Europe), believes UEFA has been moving in the right direction on such matters.He said: "UEFA have changed their rules and already this season sanctions are harder than ever before."For a first offence you face a partial stadium closure; for a second offence your stadium will be closed for a match."It's taken a long time to get here, but I think we are seeing some movement on the sanction side."In terms of education, I don't know how long that's going to take, to educate fans like we've seen at CSKA."