Jermain Defoe has admitted he would be disappointed to finish his career without winning a major trophy but is confident Tottenham Hotspur can land some silverware this season.Tottenham have been tipped to challenge for honours after a busy summer in the transfer market and solid start to the campaign.Defoe is determined to help the club achieve success and believes if they can claim one trophy it could spark a golden era at White Hart Lane.Acknowledging that he would consider it a failure to retire without winning something, Defoe said in the Daily Mirror: "Yeah, because I think especially playing for a top club, a club where you should win trophies it would be disappointing."At the end of your career you want to sit back and say I won this or I won that because that's what it's all about. You want to win things and you want to be the best.




"Spurs is a great club with a great history. That is why this year is a big year. I believe we can win something and I believe that once the first one comes, more come after that."

Jermain Defoe



"Spurs is a great club with a great history. That is why this year is a big year. I believe we can win something and I believe that once the first one comes, more come after that."Jermain Defoe"Spurs is a great club with a great history. That is why this year is a big year. I believe we can win something and I believe that once the first one comes, more come after that."Defoe first joined Tottenham in 2004 from West Ham United, having grown up not far from Upton Park and risen through the ranks with the club.However, his decision to ask for a transfer less than 24 hour after the Hammers were relegated angered the fans and he still regrets upsetting a club he will always care about."It was a massive mistake. I didn't really want to do it," he said."We're talking about leaving the club I was in love with at the time because I came through the youth system with my friends, the fans loved me there. They were brilliant - every game they sang my name."The person who represented me at the time said, 'You need to hand in a transfer request and get in early because all the lads are going to leave.'




v




Live Super Sunday
Tottenham vs Newcastle
November 10, 2013, 11:30am

                        Sky Sports 1 HD                



Remote Record


Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports




November 10, 2013, 11:30am"I remember going in and I was so nervous. It was (then Hammers chief executive) Paul Aldridge and I gave him the letter and he said, 'What's this?' And I said, 'It's a transfer request'."And he looked at me as if to say, 'Are you kidding?'"The backlash was crazy. I felt like I was on my own and people were absolutely abusing me."To this day I can imagine West Ham fans look at me and think, 'Who does he think he is? How can you do that? You're a Judas'. And it's quite sad really because I can honestly say I still love that club."