    Tom Ince's penalty sealed three points for Blackpool on the day his manager and father, Paul, served the first match of a 
    
five-game stadium ban.
    Ince's fifth goal of the season came after Wigan goalkeeper Scott Carson slid through Dan Gosling, with Ince converting the spot-kick.
    Wigan's Grant Holt and Thomas Rogne both had second-half headers which hit the bar within a minute of each other.
    The Latics' James McClean was shown a straight red card in stoppage time.
    A clash between winger McClean and Blackpool defender Gary Mackenzie was brought to the attention of referee Mark Haywood by his assistant, after it appeared McClean had been stamped on.
    With Paul Ince banned from the stadium, his assistant Alex Rae and former caretaker boss Steve Thompson took charge of the Seasiders - though the manager's presence was felt, with a local newspaper handing out 10,000 masks of his face.
    The last time the teams played each other was in the Premier League, Wigan sending Blackpool into the relegation zone 
    
by winning 3-1 

     in April 2011
    The Football Association had given the Blackpool manager a five-match ban, ruling that he 
    
threatened to "knock out" an official 

     after their 
    
2-1 win at Bournemouth 

     in September.
    After winning five of the their first six league matches to sit top of the Championship, Blackpool's form has slipped away, with a loss and four successive draws.
    Following two consecutive 0-0 draws, it took a penalty for Blackpool to finally hit the net, as Carson downed home debutant Gosling, with Tom Ince hammering home the spot-kick.
    On-loan Manchester United forward Nick Powell missed Wigan's best chance of the first half, heading wide at the back post after Rogne flicked back.
    Blackpool kept up the pressure after the break, with Ricardo Fuller creating an opportunity for himself, only for his shot to be blocked by Callum McManaman.
    Wigan finally started to create chances as manager Owen Coyle made three substitutions with barely an hour gone.
    McClean headed wide at the back post from Emmerson Boyce's cross, before Boyce missed his team's best chance as his follow-up shot was cleared off the line after Rogne's thumping header.
    Substitute Holt hit the bar with another header a minute later, then Leon Barnett's snapshot was stopped by Matt Gilks's legs in the dying minutes.
    At the other end, Carson kept out two shots from Ince, another from Steve Davies, and a point-blank Kirk Broadfoot header in a breakneck final five minutes.
    Blackpool are now unbeaten in 10 games at Bloomfield Road.
     Blackpool assistant manager Steve Thompson:

    "The lads proved their worth and showed what characters they are.
    "We'd done the hard work on Friday - we'd gone through how they play and the video analysis - but it's not ideal when your manager isn't here.
    "We've watched the penalty decision again and the referee has called it right. It was a penalty and it was a good decision."
     Wigan manager Owen Coyle:

    "I'm astounded by the decision to send off James McClean. 
    "For Gary Mackenzie to stand on James McClean while he's laying on the ground - and then for James to get up and not touch him but get James sent off is hard to take.
    "We've had it a few times on the road this season when decisions like that have gone against us and we'll definitely be appealing against that decision."
    Full Time   Match ends, Blackpool 1, Wigan Athletic 0.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Blackpool 1, Wigan Athletic 0.   Dismissal     James McClean (Wigan Athletic) is shown the red card.     Attempt missed. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Grant Holt.     Attempt missed. Ángel (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assisted by Steve Davies with a headed pass.     Foul by James McArthur (Wigan Athletic).     Kirk Broadfoot (Blackpool) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Offside, Blackpool. Kirk Broadfoot tries a through ball, but Steve Davies is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Kirk Broadfoot (Blackpool) header from very close range is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Thomas Ince with a cross.     Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Scott Carson.     Attempt saved. Thomas Ince (Blackpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.     Attempt saved. Steve Davies (Blackpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gary Mackenzie.     Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Scott Carson.     Attempt saved. Thomas Ince (Blackpool) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Dan Gosling.     Attempt saved. Leon Barnett (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.     Attempt blocked. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Grant Holt (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Dan Gosling (Blackpool).     Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Dan Gosling (Blackpool).   Substitution     Substitution, Blackpool. Steve Davies replaces Ricardo Fuller.     Offside, Wigan Athletic. James Perch tries a through ball, but Marc-Antoine Fortuné is caught offside.     Grant Holt (Wigan Athletic) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by James Perch with a cross.   Substitution     Substitution, Blackpool. Ángel replaces Stephen Dobbie.     Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Jack Robinson.     Attempt blocked. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Marc-Antoine Fortuné.     Attempt blocked. Emmerson Boyce (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from very close range is blocked.     Thomas Rogne (Wigan Athletic) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Ben Watson with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Jack Robinson.     Attempt missed. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Scott Carson.     Attempt missed. Ricardo Fuller (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Dan Gosling.     Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Jack Robinson (Blackpool).     Hand ball by Dan Gosling (Blackpool).     Attempt missed. Stephen Dobbie (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Thomas Ince.   Substitution     Substitution, Wigan Athletic. Jean Beausejour replaces Callum McManaman.     Attempt missed. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) header from the left side of the box is too high. Assisted by Emmerson Boyce.     Attempt missed. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Ben Watson.   Substitution     Substitution, Wigan Athletic. Marc-Antoine Fortuné replaces Jordi Gómez.   Substitution     Substitution, Wigan Athletic. Grant Holt replaces Nick Powell.     Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Leon Barnett.     Foul by Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic).     Thomas Ince (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Callum McManaman.     Attempt blocked. Stephen Dobbie (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Attempt blocked. Ricardo Fuller (Blackpool) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.       Second Half begins Blackpool 1, Wigan Athletic 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Blackpool 1, Wigan Athletic 0.     Attempt blocked. Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Kirk Broadfoot (Blackpool).     Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Craig Cathcart.   Booking     James McClean (Wigan Athletic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by James McClean (Wigan Athletic).     Thomas Ince (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Gary Mackenzie.     Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Craig Cathcart.     Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Jack Robinson (Blackpool).     James McArthur (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Craig Cathcart (Blackpool).     Foul by James McClean (Wigan Athletic).     Chris Basham (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt blocked. Neal Bishop (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Foul by James Perch (Wigan Athletic).     Thomas Ince (Blackpool) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Attempt missed. James Perch (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.     Attempt missed. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by James McArthur.     Attempt blocked. Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Callum McManaman.     Attempt missed. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ben Watson with a cross.     Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Kirk Broadfoot (Blackpool).     James McArthur (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Stephen Dobbie (Blackpool).   Goal!     Goal!  Blackpool 1, Wigan Athletic 0. Thomas Ince (Blackpool) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the top left corner.     Penalty conceded by Scott Carson (Wigan Athletic) after a foul in the penalty area.     Penalty Blackpool. Dan Gosling draws a foul in the penalty area.     Attempt blocked. Jack Robinson (Blackpool) left footed shot from long range on the right is blocked.     Foul by Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic).     Ricardo Fuller (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt blocked. James McClean (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by James McArthur.     Attempt blocked. Callum McManaman (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Nick Powell.     James McClean (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Chris Basham (Blackpool).     Attempt missed. Chris Basham (Blackpool) header from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Ricardo Fuller with a cross.     Attempt missed. Thomas Ince (Blackpool) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is too high. Assisted by Chris Basham with a cross.     Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Callum McManaman.     Attempt missed. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.     Attempt missed. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Thomas Rogne following a set piece situation.     Attempt missed. Thomas Rogne (Wigan Athletic) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Ben Watson with a cross following a set piece situation.     Foul by Gary Mackenzie (Blackpool).     Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Craig Cathcart (Blackpool).     James Perch (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Thomas Rogne (Wigan Athletic).     Ricardo Fuller (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt missed. James McArthur (Wigan Athletic) header from the centre of the box misses to the right.     Callum McManaman (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Jack Robinson (Blackpool).     Offside, Blackpool. Kirk Broadfoot tries a through ball, but Ricardo Fuller is caught offside.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers