
Saturday Bundesliga goal wrap: 10/19It's the goal that shouldn't have been, that's the talking point from this week's Bundesliga action so far.Tags: Soccer, Bundesliga, Hoffenheim, Bayer, Leverkusen, Bayern, Munich, Mainz, Borussia, Dortmund, Hannover, Werder, Bremen, Freiburg, Eintracht, Braunschweig, Schalke, Eintracht, Frankfurt, Hertha, Berlin, MonchengladbachSaturday Bundesliga goal wrap: 10/19var ESPN_GLOBALS = {"videoPlayers":{"intl_videoHub09":{"height":324,"width":576,"autostart":"true","trackingName":"intl_videoHub09","adSet": "intl","useExternalIdFilter": true}}};espn.video.embeded.play();

Pep Guardiola has urged Bayern Munich to improve their first-half home performances after they had to battle back from a goal down to overcome Mainz 4-1 on Saturday.

Bayern went into the half-time interval behind after Shawn Parker had scored a shock opener for the visitors shortly before the break.

But the Bavarians responded in the second half, with Arjen Robben and Thomas Mueller turning the game on its head in the space of two minutes.

Mario Mandzukic added a third before Mueller's second, this time from the penalty spot, completed the rout to lift the champions back to the summit after Bayer Leverkusen had displaced them by winning 2-1 at Hoffenheim on Friday.

Guardiola was, however, concerned by his team's trend to get out of the blocks slowly. He told the club’s official website: “I'm pleased with the result, [but] we've always had problems in the first half here at the Allianz Arena.

“We need to improve on that very soon, and I'm certain we will. I was calm at half-time. We made a few changes to our formation and Arjen [Robben] moved over to the left.''

Captain Philipp Lahm believes Bayern's early malaise could have been due to players returning from the international break, but also stressed that they needed to eradicate slow home starts.

“We really, really struggled in the first half and we tended to lack concentration,'' he said. “It happens frequently after international breaks, and we need to get a grip on it as soon as we can.

“We switched things around a little after that, and it paid off. But credit to Mainz -- they made life very difficult for us.”

Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel said his side, who sit 13th in the Bundesliga table, had been outplayed in the second half.

“We're a 1970 model VW Beetle up against a Formula 1 car, so it's normal to be overtaken before the end,” he explained.

“But nothing went wrong -- quite the opposite. We had a huge chance on the break when the score was 1-0, but we played the move very badly. Then we lost concentration a few times in defence.”