Manchester United conceded a late equaliser as Adam Lallana gave Southampton a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford that kept the reigning Premier League champions struggling in mid-table.GettyImagesDejan Lovren's goal pegged back Manchester United late on.• Brewin: United struggle again• Heneage: Toon bury demons• Delaney: City impress away• Cross: Sublime Arsenal goals•Premier League Gallery 
Just hours after putting pen-to-paper on a new five-year deal, Adnan Januzaj put in a performance that will have United fans licking their lips at what the future holds.
 
But the youngster could not prevent an impressive Southampton outfit -- enjoying their best ever start to a Premier League campaign -- from heading back to the south coast with a share of the points.
Robin van Persie, who during the international break became the Netherlands' all-time top scorer, rounded Artur Boruc to open the scoring after the Southampton goalkeeper had saved smartly from Wayne Rooney, who had been put in by a delicious through-ball from Januzaj. But David Moyes' side could not hold on as Lallana popped up to snatch the equaliser with just a minute to spare.
Arsenal moved two points clear at the top of the Premier League table with a fine 4-1 victory over Norwich City at Emirates Stadium that may well have included the goal of the season.
Jack Wilshere opened the scoring in the 17th minute with his second goal in as many Arsenal appearances -- as many as he had scored in his other 68 games for the club.
It was a goal of beauty, with one-touch passes from Wilshere to Santi Cazorla, on to Oilvier Giroud, back to Wilshere, back to Giroud and a finish from the England midfielder, with the final three passes with the outside of the foot.
Arsenal extended their advantage 13 minutes into the second half as Ozil, who returned to the starting line-up after an injury scare while on international duty with Germany, scored his first Premier League goal.
Norwich then pulled a goal back through Jonathan Howson but Aaron Ramsey, who had dropped to the bench for this game, continued his fine scoring run with the third before setting up Ozil for his second goal to round out the scoring. 
A look at the 4-1 scoreline would suggest Chelsea were too strong for Cardiff, but a crazy error from David Luiz followed by a controversial equaliser that should not have stood was the real story at Stamford Bridge.
GettyImagescEden Hazard scored twice for Chelsea against Cardiff.
Cardiff took the lead in astonishing fashion, as David Luiz inexplicably moved away from the ball thinking it would run through safely to Petr Cech. Instead, Jordon Mutch had time and space to lift the ball over the advancing goalkeeper and into the net.
Chelsea equalised shortly after the half-hour mark through Eden Hazard but it owed much to the alertness of Samuel Eto'o, who knocked the ball away from Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall as he bounced it and presented an unmissable opportunity for the Belgian. However, closer inspection of the rules indicated that the goal should not have been allowed, and that Marshall should instead have been awarded a free-kick.
Eto'o then scored his first goal since his summer move from Anzhi to put Chelsea ahead midway through the second half, as Hazard took turn to be the creator and the Cameroon striker did the rest by beating his man and firing an unstoppable shot past Marshall. Oscar then made sure of all three points with his fifth goal of the season, and Hazard rounded off the scoring in the closing stages.
Sam Allardyce had a birthday to forget as his West Ham side put on a defensive horror show to help Manchester City to their first away win of the season.
A breakdown in communications between James Tomkins and Winston Reid allowed Sergio Aguero to put City ahead, and slack marking from Ricardo Vaz Te later allowed the Argentine to head home his seventh goal of the season. Vaz Te made amends by scoring with an acrobatic overhead kick, but David Silva struck ten minutes from time to give Manuel Pellegrini's men a 3-1 win.
Newcastle United versus Liverpool is now the highest-scoring fixture in Premier League history after the two teams shared a 2-2 draw at St James' Park. The result takes the total number of goals between the sides to 126 -- one clear of previous record holders Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur.
Yohan Cabaye opened the scoring in an open affair with a trademark thunderbolt from 30-yards before Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa hauled down Luis Suarez in the box and received his marching orders. Steven Gerrard tucked away the resulting penalty to become just the fourth midfielder to score 100 Premier League goals -- the 24th player overall.
Paul Dummett, a substitute for Moussa Sissoko in the fall-out from that red card, gave the home side a shock lead shortly after the break before Daniel Sturridge nodded in to earn Liverpool and point and send them top of the table.
Super sub Steven Pienaar scored with his first touch to hand Everton a 2-1 win over Hull City at Goodison Park. Kevin Mirallas put Everton 1-0 up after eight minutes. Hull goalkeeper Allan McGregor was culpable, thinking Mirallas' low shot from 25 yards was going wide only to see it go in off the post.
Hull levelled on the half-hour mark through Yannick Sagbo -- on as a substitute after Danny Graham was stretchered off -- who swept home Sone Aluko's cutback from close range for his first Premier League goal. Pienaar then put Everton back in front on 57 minutes, less than 60 seconds after coming on, sweeping home Mirallas' cross.
After a goalless first half, Swansea scored three times in less than seven minutes soon after the restart before completing a 4-0 victory to hand Gus Poyet defeat in his first match in charge of Sunderland.
Phil Bardsley put through his own net at the Liberty Stadium on 57 minutes with Jonathan de Guzman doubling Swansea's lead soon after courtesy of a curling, dipping shot from 20 yards.
Wilfried Bony then grabbed Swansea's third from the spot after Craig Gardner brought down Leon Britton in the box. Chico made it 4-0 ten minutes from time after prodding home from a corner. The result leaves Sunderland rock bottom of the Premier League.
Stoke were held to a 0-0 draw by West Brom at the Britannia. West Brom saw a second-half penalty appeal turned down by referee Howard Webb when Charlie Adam appeared to tread on Youssouf Mulumbu's heels in the area.
 But the youngster could not prevent an impressive Southampton outfit -- enjoying their best ever start to a Premier League campaign -- from heading back to the south coast with a share of the points.Robin van Persie, who during the international break became the Netherlands' all-time top scorer, rounded Artur Boruc to open the scoring after the Southampton goalkeeper had saved smartly from Wayne Rooney, who had been put in by a delicious through-ball from Januzaj. But David Moyes' side could not hold on as Lallana popped up to snatch the equaliser with just a minute to spare.Arsenal moved two points clear at the top of the Premier League table with a fine 4-1 victory over Norwich City at Emirates Stadium that may well have included the goal of the season.Jack Wilshere opened the scoring in the 17th minute with his second goal in as many Arsenal appearances -- as many as he had scored in his other 68 games for the club.It was a goal of beauty, with one-touch passes from Wilshere to Santi Cazorla, on to Oilvier Giroud, back to Wilshere, back to Giroud and a finish from the England midfielder, with the final three passes with the outside of the foot.Arsenal extended their advantage 13 minutes into the second half as Ozil, who returned to the starting line-up after an injury scare while on international duty with Germany, scored his first Premier League goal.Norwich then pulled a goal back through Jonathan Howson but Aaron Ramsey, who had dropped to the bench for this game, continued his fine scoring run with the third before setting up Ozil for his second goal to round out the scoring. A look at the 4-1 scoreline would suggest Chelsea were too strong for Cardiff, but a crazy error from David Luiz followed by a controversial equaliser that should not have stood was the real story at Stamford Bridge.GettyImagescEden Hazard scored twice for Chelsea against Cardiff.Cardiff took the lead in astonishing fashion, as David Luiz inexplicably moved away from the ball thinking it would run through safely to Petr Cech. Instead, Jordon Mutch had time and space to lift the ball over the advancing goalkeeper and into the net.Chelsea equalised shortly after the half-hour mark through Eden Hazard but it owed much to the alertness of Samuel Eto'o, who knocked the ball away from Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall as he bounced it and presented an unmissable opportunity for the Belgian. However, closer inspection of the rules indicated that the goal should not have been allowed, and that Marshall should instead have been awarded a free-kick.Eto'o then scored his first goal since his summer move from Anzhi to put Chelsea ahead midway through the second half, as Hazard took turn to be the creator and the Cameroon striker did the rest by beating his man and firing an unstoppable shot past Marshall. Oscar then made sure of all three points with his fifth goal of the season, and Hazard rounded off the scoring in the closing stages.Sam Allardyce had a birthday to forget as his West Ham side put on a defensive horror show to help Manchester City to their first away win of the season.A breakdown in communications between James Tomkins and Winston Reid allowed Sergio Aguero to put City ahead, and slack marking from Ricardo Vaz Te later allowed the Argentine to head home his seventh goal of the season. Vaz Te made amends by scoring with an acrobatic overhead kick, but David Silva struck ten minutes from time to give Manuel Pellegrini's men a 3-1 win.Newcastle United versus Liverpool is now the highest-scoring fixture in Premier League history after the two teams shared a 2-2 draw at St James' Park. The result takes the total number of goals between the sides to 126 -- one clear of previous record holders Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur.Yohan Cabaye opened the scoring in an open affair with a trademark thunderbolt from 30-yards before Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa hauled down Luis Suarez in the box and received his marching orders. Steven Gerrard tucked away the resulting penalty to become just the fourth midfielder to score 100 Premier League goals -- the 24th player overall.Paul Dummett, a substitute for Moussa Sissoko in the fall-out from that red card, gave the home side a shock lead shortly after the break before Daniel Sturridge nodded in to earn Liverpool and point and send them top of the table.Super sub Steven Pienaar scored with his first touch to hand Everton a 2-1 win over Hull City at Goodison Park. Kevin Mirallas put Everton 1-0 up after eight minutes. Hull goalkeeper Allan McGregor was culpable, thinking Mirallas' low shot from 25 yards was going wide only to see it go in off the post.Hull levelled on the half-hour mark through Yannick Sagbo -- on as a substitute after Danny Graham was stretchered off -- who swept home Sone Aluko's cutback from close range for his first Premier League goal. Pienaar then put Everton back in front on 57 minutes, less than 60 seconds after coming on, sweeping home Mirallas' cross.After a goalless first half, Swansea scored three times in less than seven minutes soon after the restart before completing a 4-0 victory to hand Gus Poyet defeat in his first match in charge of Sunderland.Phil Bardsley put through his own net at the Liberty Stadium on 57 minutes with Jonathan de Guzman doubling Swansea's lead soon after courtesy of a curling, dipping shot from 20 yards.Wilfried Bony then grabbed Swansea's third from the spot after Craig Gardner brought down Leon Britton in the box. Chico made it 4-0 ten minutes from time after prodding home from a corner. The result leaves Sunderland rock bottom of the Premier League.Stoke were held to a 0-0 draw by West Brom at the Britannia. West Brom saw a second-half penalty appeal turned down by referee Howard Webb when Charlie Adam appeared to tread on Youssouf Mulumbu's heels in the area.