Stoke striker Peter Crouch is ready to make an impact if he gets his chance at Manchester United on Saturday.The giant frontman has endured a frustrating time of late and has started on the bench for the Potters' last six league games.But, if boss Mark Hughes promotes him to the starting XI for the tough trip to Old Trafford, Crouch is ready to try and add to his solitary Capital One Cup goal this term.He told The Sentinel: "Of course it's disappointing at times (to sit on the bench). Everyone wants to play, and I'm no different."But there's no point in moping around and throwing your toys out of the pram in training.




"We've been working very hard this week in training and we have to take heart from West Brom and Southampton, where they really attacked Man United and came out with deserved points. That's what we've got to do."

Peter Crouch



"We've been working very hard this week in training and we have to take heart from West Brom and Southampton, where they really attacked Man United and came out with deserved points. That's what we've got to do."Peter Crouch"You've got to go out there and work hard to try to change the manager's mind."I believe in my ability, and when given the opportunity I'm sure I'll be able to stay in the team."The manager's proved he's not afraid to chop and change, so you never know, I could be starting the game or could be coming off the bench."I'll prepare in the manner I've always done and be ready for the game on Saturday."Crouch has scored for England at Old Trafford and admits he raises his game at the venue."My record there has been good because I've had quite a few England games, which has always stood me in good stead, and I've scored quite a few goals," he said. 


SUPER 6 £1M JACKPOT

Predict the correct scores for our six selected matches to win the £1million jackpot. If no-one predicts all six scores correctly then our £10,000 guaranteed prize will go to the person with the highest score of the round. Click here to play. 



Predict the correct scores for our six selected matches to win the £1million jackpot. If no-one predicts all six scores correctly then our £10,000 guaranteed prize will go to the person with the highest score of the round. Click here to play."At club level it's been very difficult because United have dominated the league. Any time you play at a big ground like that with so much history you raise your game. You've got to enjoy it and every time I played there it's special."West Brom and Southampton have already taken points from trips to Old Trafford this term and Crouch hopes to emulate those sides, although he admits a lack of goals for the Potters - only four in eight games - is a concern."It is a worry, you want to be creating and scoring goals, and it's something we need to address," he said."As a team, certainly at the start of the year, we were playing some good football and the fans were enjoying that, but for some reason recently we haven't been creating or scoring enough goals, and it has a knock-on effect because we've not been getting results."We've been working very hard this week in training and we have to take heart from West Brom and Southampton, where they really attacked Man United and came out with deserved points. That's what we've got to do."What will be the outcome in the match Man Utd vs Stoke?