    Twenty years ago, as England stuttered towards 
    
World Cup qualification failure under the haunted gaze of Graham Taylor, 

     a technically inferior English football was readying itself for another harsh winter in Europe. 
    The teams' two most influential players that season, Jeremy Goss (above left) and Lothar Matthaus, enjoyed vastly different career trajectories. Though Goss helped Norwich past Bayern in 1993, few could match the success enjoyed by Matthaus.
     Jeremy Goss

    Club career: Norwich City (1983 FA Youth Cup winner); Hearts; Colchester United; King's Lynn
    International career: Wales: Nine appearances, no goals
     Lothar Matthaus

     Club career: 

    Borussia Monchengladbach; Bayern Munich (Uefa Cup, seven Bundesliga titles, three German cups); Inter Milan (Uefa Cup, Serie A title); New York MetroStars (Eastern Division Championship title)
     International career: 

    Germany: 150 appearances, 23 goals. Honours: World Cup winner 1990, runner-up 1982, 1986. European Championship winner 1980
    Still struggling to overcome the effects of a five-year ban from European competition following the 
    
Heysel disaster 

     - and despite the formation of the Premier League a year earlier - English clubs' prospects in Europe did not look good. Inaugural Premier League winners Manchester United would go on to be knocked out in the Champions League second round by Galatasaray.
    English football, more than ever, needed a spark. It got one from the most unlikely source.
    Norwich City, third-placed finishers in the 1992-93 season despite a negative goal difference, found themselves in Europe for the first time in their history thanks to Arsenal's FA Cup and League Cup double. The Canaries' expectations were not high.
    But after beating Dutch side Vitesse in the Uefa Cup first round, Norwich would go on to stun German giants Bayern Munich in the city's famous Olympic Stadium, an achievement to rank alongside the greatest - and most surprising - results in the history of British clubs abroad.
    It is a match, played on 19 October 1993, that is lodged firmly in the minds of a generation of football fans for the sheer unlikelihood of it all, as well as for John Motson's famous commentary line: "This is almost fantasy football."
    The fantasy football was played largely by Jeremy Goss, whose sublime volley gave the Canaries the lead en route to a 2-1 first-leg victory in Germany, a result followed by a 1-1 draw at Carrow Road, with Goss again the Canaries' scorer.
    "I can still feel the ball hitting my foot now," Goss says of his goal in Munich, capitalising on a poor defensive clearance from West Germany's World Cup-winning captain Lothar Matthaus. "It was such a sweet strike.
Jeremy Goss celebrates his strike in the second leg against Bayern Munich, a 1-1 draw at Carrow Road