    Leeds emphatically exposed Birmingham's defensive frailties with a comfortable victory at Elland Road.
    Blues goalkeeper Darren Randolph's poor clearance from a long ball allowed Ross McCormack to guide a shot into an empty net for the home side's opener.
    Rodolph Austin headed in a McCormack cross and Matt Smith then slotted home after Randolph's parried save.
    David Murphy's free-kick hit the Leeds post before Smith headed in a fourth for the home side.
    Manager Brian McDermott's first defeat as Leeds boss was a loss at Birmingham in April but there was little chance of another reverse this time around.
    Leeds had too much quality and determination for the visitors, who did not help themselves with their defensive showing.
    Blues centre-back Dan Burn set the tone for his team's play when he missed an interception and left McCormack clean through on goal, but the Leeds forward shot straight at keeper Randolph.
    A close range Jason Pearce header went over and McCormack had another effort saved by Randolph as the home side continued to struggle at the back.
    However, it was not long before the visiting side's continual sloppy play caught up with them and Leeds were rewarded for their determined efforts.
    Keeper Randolph came to the edge of his box to make a clearance but he only managed to find to Austin, who passed for McCormack to guide in a 20-yard effort into an empty net.
    Leeds midfielder Alex Mowatt almost helped the visitors back in the game when his clearance found Chris Burke but the Blues winger's shot went just wide. 
    However, the Elland Road side extended their lead when Austin started a move which he finished when he nodded in McCormack's cross.
    A McCormack shot was parried by Randolph and Smith was quickest to the loose ball to tuck in a third Leeds goal just before the break.
    Birmingham improved in the second half and Burke had a chipped cross cleared off the line by Tom Lees before Nikola Zigic had a shot palmed over by keeper Paddy Kenny and Murphy's free-kick hit the woodwork.
    However, Smith thumped in a header from Mowatt's cross to add more gloss to a win which moved Leeds up to ninth.
     Leeds manager Brian McDermott:

    "We managed to get some width into the team today and that was important.
    "My teams have always had width, as anyone who saw Reading when I was there will tell you.
    "We spoke beforehand about having a winning mentality. The more games you play, the more you learn how to win and today we got closer to where we want to be."
     Birmingham boss Lee Clark:

    "I don't do excuses, I do reality. I will never tell anyone what I tell players in the dressing room but we are all disappointed.
    "That is not acceptable to the badge on the front of the jersey.
    "We didn't do anything right in the first half and our defending by the whole 11 was very poor. 
    "Our passing and forward play were very average in the first half, so it was a frustrating afternoon and we got what we deserved."
    Full Time   Match ends, Leeds United 4, Birmingham City 0.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Leeds United 4, Birmingham City 0.     Hand ball by Jesse Lingard (Birmingham City).     Paul Robinson (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Matt Smith (Leeds United).     Offside, Birmingham City. Chris Burke tries a through ball, but Nikola Zigic is caught offside.     Kyle Bartley (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Ross McCormack (Leeds United).   Substitution     Substitution, Leeds United. Michael Brown replaces Rodolph Austin.     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Tom Lees.     Attempt missed. Andrew Shinnie (Birmingham City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Jesse Lingard.     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Stephen Warnock.     Wade Elliott (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Rodolph Austin (Leeds United).     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Matt Smith (Leeds United) because of an injury.     Foul by Kyle Bartley (Birmingham City).     Matt Smith (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt blocked. Jesse Lingard (Birmingham City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Chris Burke.     Foul by Jesse Lingard (Birmingham City).     Rodolph Austin (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Leeds United. Ross McCormack tries a through ball, but Matt Smith is caught offside.     Foul by Kyle Bartley (Birmingham City).     Ross McCormack (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.   Goal!     Goal!  Leeds United 4, Birmingham City 0. Matt Smith (Leeds United) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Alex Mowatt with a cross.     Chris Burke (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Stephen Warnock (Leeds United).     Attempt missed. Matt Smith (Leeds United) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is close, but misses to the left.     Attempt saved. Matt Smith (Leeds United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Ross McCormack with a cross.     Attempt blocked. Chris Burke (Birmingham City) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked.     Offside, Leeds United. Alex Mowatt tries a through ball, but Matt Smith is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Andrew Shinnie (Birmingham City) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Oliver Lee with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Patrick Kenny.     Attempt saved. Chris Burke (Birmingham City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Andrew Shinnie.     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Sam Byram.     David Murphy (Birmingham City) hits the right post with a left footed shot from outside the box from a direct free kick.     Wade Elliott (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Tom Lees (Leeds United).     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Patrick Kenny.     Attempt saved. Nikola Zigic (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Tom Lees.   Booking     Kyle Bartley (Birmingham City) is shown the yellow card.     Attempt saved. Rodolph Austin (Leeds United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Alex Mowatt with a through ball.   Booking     Stephen Warnock (Leeds United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Wade Elliott (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Stephen Warnock (Leeds United).     Attempt blocked. Rodolph Austin (Leeds United) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is blocked. Assisted by Ross McCormack with a cross.     Foul by Wade Elliott (Birmingham City).     Luke Murphy (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Wade Elliott (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Andrew Shinnie.     Corner,  Leeds United. Conceded by Paul Caddis.     Attempt blocked. Stephen Warnock (Leeds United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.     Foul by Nikola Zigic (Birmingham City).     Alex Mowatt (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Andrew Shinnie (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Luke Murphy (Leeds United).     Attempt missed. Andrew Shinnie (Birmingham City) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.     Attempt missed. Matt Smith (Leeds United) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Alex Mowatt with a cross following a set piece situation.     Sam Byram (Leeds United) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Oliver Lee (Birmingham City).       Second Half begins Leeds United 3, Birmingham City 0.   Substitution     Substitution, Birmingham City. Nikola Zigic replaces Lee Novak.   Substitution     Substitution, Birmingham City. Andrew Shinnie replaces Dan Burn.     Half Time    First Half ends, Leeds United 3, Birmingham City 0.     Attempt missed. Jesse Lingard (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.   Goal!     Goal!  Leeds United 3, Birmingham City 0. Matt Smith (Leeds United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner.     Attempt saved. Ross McCormack (Leeds United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Matt Smith with a through ball.     Offside, Leeds United. Luke Murphy tries a through ball, but Rodolph Austin is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Jesse Lingard (Birmingham City) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Paul Caddis with a cross.     Offside, Leeds United. Matt Smith tries a through ball, but Jason Pearce is caught offside.     Matt Smith (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Paul Robinson (Birmingham City).   Goal!     Goal!  Leeds United 2, Birmingham City 0. Rodolph Austin (Leeds United) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Ross McCormack with a cross.     Chris Burke (Birmingham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Rodolph Austin (Leeds United).     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Tom Lees.     Attempt missed. Chris Burke (Birmingham City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.     Corner,  Birmingham City. Conceded by Stephen Warnock.     Jason Pearce (Leeds United).     Chris Burke (Birmingham City) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Offside, Birmingham City. Paul Caddis tries a through ball, but Lee Novak is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Rodolph Austin (Leeds United) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ross McCormack.     Offside, Birmingham City. Chris Burke tries a through ball, but Lee Novak is caught offside.     Attempt blocked. Chris Burke (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Jesse Lingard.     Attempt blocked. Matt Smith (Leeds United) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Rodolph Austin.   Goal!     Goal!  Leeds United 1, Birmingham City 0. Ross McCormack (Leeds United) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Rodolph Austin.     Foul by Rodolph Austin (Leeds United).     David Murphy (Birmingham City) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Attempt missed. Chris Burke (Birmingham City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Jesse Lingard.     Attempt saved. Ross McCormack (Leeds United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Rodolph Austin.     Offside, Leeds United. Ross McCormack tries a through ball, but Rodolph Austin is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Jason Pearce (Leeds United) header from very close range is just a bit too high. Assisted by Luke Murphy with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Leeds United. Conceded by Darren Randolph.     Attempt saved. Ross McCormack (Leeds United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Rodolph Austin (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Paul Robinson (Birmingham City).     Offside, Leeds United. Tom Lees tries a through ball, but Ross McCormack is caught offside.     Attempt blocked. Sam Byram (Leeds United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Rodolph Austin.     Attempt blocked. Matt Smith (Leeds United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Stephen Warnock with a headed pass.     Foul by Paul Robinson (Birmingham City).     Matt Smith (Leeds United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers