    Manchester United boss David Moyes has rejected claims that the Premier League champions have lost their fear factor since 
    
he succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson.
    United are eight points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal after being held to a 
    
1-1 draw 

     by Southampton at Old Trafford on Saturday.
    "They say you can't win the title in the first 10 games but you can certainly lose it.
    If they have another bad result, they've lost it, they're out of the championship race. I don't think they're necessarily playing any worse than they did in the first 10 games of last season and they were top of the table, so it probably is the Fergie factor."
    "Sir Alex Ferguson has a great history and his experience will always work in charge of any team," said Moyes. 
    "But the fear comes from the team on the pitch."
    United have only one victory from four league games at Old Trafford since Ferguson's retirement, but Moyes insisted: "The players have always been the people that have to turn out and do it."
    Ferguson, who won 38 trophies during 26 years in charge, watched from the stands in his new role as a club director, but United could not build on their 
    
win at Sunderland 

     last time out.
    Moyes had looked on course to record back-to-back league victories for the first time as United boss, only for Adam Lallana's late goal to cancel out Robin van Persie's first-half strike.
    "I am disappointed because we wanted to get a bit of momentum going and we weren't able to do that," said Moyes. 
    "David Moyes has taken over an almost impossible job, and you have to give him time to build his own team. Nobody should be shouting or hollering. David is the right man, I'm sure, but you've got to give him time.
    "The problem he will have is expectations - United are a top team. He will have to deal with it, and it will be a bit of pressure on him."
    "We had the opportunities to get the game finished off. I am disappointed to lose a goal so late on.
    "While it was 1-0, there was always the chance that Southampton might get something. I thought we had just about seen it out, then they got the corner late on.
    "We didn't do well enough [from the corner]. We will work on it and make sure we do it. We have got to do better in the final bit as well, the set piece, defend it and be harder to score against than we were."
    United are eighth with 11 points from eight games - the same tally as newly-promoted Hull. It is United's worst start to a league campaign for 24 years.
    Midfielder Michael Carrick said: "It is not easy reading now. Looking at the table as it is now is not something we are used to.
    "It is frustrating because things are not going the way we want. But as players we have to stand up, take responsibility and get better.
    "We are still confident. Everything is in place but for some reason, at the moment, we are not quite clicking and not quite firing."
