Sven-Goran Eriksson says that he would like to work in England again and insists he has never taken a job for the money.The Swedish tactician is currently coaching in China with Guangzhou R&F;, having returned to management following spells working as a technical director in Bangkok and Dubai.He claims to be enjoying his time in the Far East, but admits the opportunity to return to English football would be difficult to turn down if an enticing offer is put to him.Eriksson bossed the England national team for five years between 2001 and 2006, leading them to quarter-final appearances at two World Cups and one European Championship.He then went on to work in the Premier League with Manchester City and in the Football League with Notts County and Leicester City.On a possible return in the future, Eriksson told the Daily Telegraph: "I would of course like to come back to England. Of course, I doubt that I would have some offers from England but you never know in football. I am not 50 or 55 anymore. I'm a little bit older. Even if my soul is 25.




"I would of course like to come back to England. Of course, I doubt that I would have some offers from England but you never know in football."

Sven-Goran Eriksson



"I would of course like to come back to England. Of course, I doubt that I would have some offers from England but you never know in football."Sven-Goran Eriksson"It was good times in England. But I'm not disappointed in life. I'm still a happy man. I'm still working in football."Eriksson, who claims to have lost £10million through the actions of his former financial advisor Samir Khan, has been accused in the past of chasing bumper pay-cheques.He is, however, adamant that money was not a factor in his decision to leave Lazio for the England post in January 2001.He added: "Of course I was not there for the money. Probably I would have got more money if I had stayed in Italy."It was said I took England for the money. Absolutely not. I took it because it is the biggest football job in the world, the finest job you can have. I enjoyed it every day."I don't regret being in England. I was extremely sad when it was over."Eriksson is also adamant that a move to China is not an effort to cover his losses, adding: "That I take the job in China just for money? No, no, no."I was in Dubai as a sports director. I liked the people, the club, everything, but I wanted to be a coach again."China is beautiful. The league is not the Premier League but it is rather good and getting better and better. There are some really good players."