    Manchester United manager David Moyes endured another afternoon of frustration as Southampton snatched a last-gasp equaliser to stun Old Trafford.
    Captain Adam Lallana tapped in from a yard out with only a minute of normal time remaining to give the visitors a share of the spoils and leave United eight points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Missed opportunities cost us - Moyes    The champions had looked on course for what would have been a ninth successive win over the Saints. Teenager Adnan Januzaj produced another moment of brilliance to set Robin van Persie on his way to put United in front midway through the first half. 
    The hosts might have put the game beyond Southampton as both Van Persie and the excellent Wayne Rooney hit the crossbar.
    However Mauricio Pochettino's side will feel their dominance of possession more than warranted a point, even if they lacked a genuine cutting edge for long periods.  
    For United, there had been signs that they were beginning to turn the corner after the club's worst start to a Premier League season. 
    The movement and understanding between Rooney, Van Persie and Januzaj bordered on the telepathic. Even as Moyes's side were forced back for long periods of this game, the trio ensured this was a United side that bristled with attacking menace for all 90 minutes. 
    "This is the third time I've watched Southampton this season and I've been impressed every time.
    "In the first 20 minutes they created opportunities and chances. They took the game to Manchester United, but United then scored and were comfortable.
    "But Southampton pushed bodies forward, got a late goal and for their effort and commitment they will think they deserve it.
    "David Moyes has taken over an almost impossible job, and you have to give him time to build his own team.
    "The problem he will have is expectations - United are a top team. He will have to deal with it, and there will be a bit of pressure on him."
    Januzaj, 18, who 
    
signed a five-year contract before the game, 

     once again displayed signs of his immense talent with a verve and energy that glowed throughout. His battle with Nathaniel Clyne was a feature of the first-half as Southampton plotted their passing angles with patience and precision, forcing United onto the back foot.
    Morgan Schneiderlin and Victor Wanyama pulled the strings in midfield, while the dynamism of Lallana meant Saints always had options, even if chances on goal were scarce.
    Jay Rodriguez headed over and Dani Osvaldo might have done better with only David De Gea to beat and, as Southampton bordered on the profligate, United were far more ruthless. 
    Van Persie had twice gone close in the opening 20 minutes, before Rooney's sublime pass set him in on goal once more, only for an offside flag to deny him the chance to finish. However, the brilliance of Januzaj ensured United would not be denied for long. 
    Picking the ball up in his own half, Januzaj threaded a 40-yard pass into the path of Rooney to slice Southampton open in the blink of an eye. Rooney's shot was brilliantly blocked by goalkeeper Artur Boruc, but Van Persie was quickly onto the rebound, rolling the ball beyond the despairing dive of Dejan Lovren to give United the lead. 
    It was the first goal Southampton had conceded in almost seven hours of Premier League football but it came from a familiar source - this was Van Persie's fifth goal in as many appearances against Saints but his first for five Premier League matches. 
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Saints deserved point - Pochettino    For a five-minute spell, Saints looked lost. Rooney rattled the crossbar with a thunderous shot but the visitors weathered the United storm and came again - Van Persie heading Lovren's header off his own line just after half-time.
    And yet, United always carried the greater threat. Their movement in attack constantly confounded Southampton's defenders, with Rooney, Van Persie and Januzaj swapping places and eluding markers at will. The Dutchman might have a second goal as he headed onto the crossbar on the hour. 
    Moments later, Januzaj was in the thick of the action once more, unleashing a dipping, swerving left-foot drive that Boruc somehow clawed away. 
    Though Southampton refused to lie down - Lallana testing De Gea with a low shot - hope appeared to be draining away.
    However, when Lovren forced Shaw's corner towards goal, Lallana got the faintest of touches to beat De Gea to earn Saints a point and extend United's poor league run to only two wins in seven matches.
    Full Time   Match ends, Manchester United 1, Southampton 1.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Manchester United 1, Southampton 1.     Attempt saved. Adam Lallana (Southampton) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Nathaniel Clyne.   Booking     Phil Jones (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Adam Lallana (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Phil Jones (Manchester United).     Attempt missed. Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Rickie Lambert with a headed pass.   Goal!     Goal!  Manchester United 1, Southampton 1. Dejan Lovren (Southampton) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by James Ward-Prowse with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Southampton. Conceded by Phil Jones.   Substitution     Substitution, Manchester United. Chris Smalling replaces Wayne Rooney.   Booking     Jose Fonte (Southampton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Jose Fonte (Southampton).     Robin van Persie (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt saved. Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Adam Lallana.     Morgan Schneiderlin (Southampton) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Wayne Rooney (Manchester United).     Foul by James Ward-Prowse (Southampton).     Michael Carrick (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Offside, Manchester United. Robin van Persie tries a through ball, but Wayne Rooney is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Rafael (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Wayne Rooney.   Substitution     Substitution, Southampton. Guly replaces Victor Wanyama.     Attempt missed. Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by James Ward-Prowse with a cross.     Foul by Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton).     Phil Jones (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Southampton. Conceded by Patrice Evra.     Jonny Evans (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Victor Wanyama (Southampton).   Substitution     Substitution, Manchester United. Danny Welbeck replaces Marouane Fellaini.     Attempt missed. Morgan Schneiderlin (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Victor Wanyama.     Attempt missed. Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Rickie Lambert with a cross.     Attempt saved. Adam Lallana (Southampton) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Morgan Schneiderlin.     Robin van Persie (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Dejan Lovren (Southampton).     Foul by Michael Carrick (Manchester United).     Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton).   Substitution     Substitution, Manchester United. Ryan Giggs replaces Nani.     Attempt missed. Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by James Ward-Prowse with a cross following a set piece situation.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.   Substitution     Substitution, Southampton. James Ward-Prowse replaces Steven Davis.     Delay in match Victor Wanyama (Southampton) because of an injury.     Foul by Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United).     Victor Wanyama (Southampton) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Rafael (Manchester United).     Morgan Schneiderlin (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right.     Attempt saved. Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Michael Carrick.     Corner,  Manchester United. Conceded by Luke Shaw.     Attempt saved. Nani (Manchester United) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jonny Evans.     Robin van Persie (Manchester United) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Wayne Rooney with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Manchester United. Conceded by Morgan Schneiderlin.     Offside, Manchester United. Robin van Persie tries a through ball, but Wayne Rooney is caught offside.   Booking     Victor Wanyama (Southampton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Victor Wanyama (Southampton).     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Southampton. Rickie Lambert replaces Jay Rodriguez.   Booking     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United).     Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Dejan Lovren (Southampton).     Offside, Southampton. Steven Davis tries a through ball, but Adam Lallana is caught offside.     Corner,  Manchester United. Conceded by Dejan Lovren.     Attempt blocked. Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Nani.     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton).     Attempt missed. Dejan Lovren (Southampton) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Adam Lallana with a cross following a corner.     Attempt blocked. Adam Lallana (Southampton) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Luke Shaw with a cross.     Corner,  Southampton. Conceded by Jonny Evans.     Offside, Manchester United. Jonny Evans tries a through ball, but Robin van Persie is caught offside.     Offside, Manchester United. Michael Carrick tries a through ball, but Robin van Persie is caught offside.     Hand ball by  (Southampton).       Second Half begins Manchester United 1, Southampton 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Manchester United 1, Southampton 0.     Attempt blocked. Luke Shaw (Southampton) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Foul by Robin van Persie (Manchester United).     Victor Wanyama (Southampton) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Offside, Southampton. Morgan Schneiderlin tries a through ball, but Pablo Osvaldo is caught offside.     Foul by Patrice Evra (Manchester United).     Adam Lallana (Southampton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) because of an injury.     Offside, Manchester United. Jonny Evans tries a through ball, but Nani is caught offside.   Booking     Morgan Schneiderlin (Southampton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Morgan Schneiderlin (Southampton).     Corner,  Manchester United. Conceded by Dejan Lovren.     Attempt missed. Steven Davis (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Adam Lallana.     Hand ball by Rafael (Manchester United).     Rafael (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Jay Rodriguez (Southampton).     Attempt saved. Dejan Lovren (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Morgan Schneiderlin.     Michael Carrick (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton).     Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton).     Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. Assisted by Nani.     Foul by Jose Fonte (Southampton).     Patrice Evra (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.   Goal!     Goal!  Manchester United 1, Southampton 0. Robin van Persie (Manchester United) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner.     Attempt saved. Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Adnan Januzaj with a through ball.     Foul by Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton).     Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Manchester United. Adnan Januzaj tries a through ball, but Patrice Evra is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Pablo Osvaldo (Southampton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Lallana.     Offside, Manchester United. Wayne Rooney tries a through ball, but Robin van Persie is caught offside.     Offside, Manchester United. David De Gea tries a through ball, but Robin van Persie is caught offside.     Adam Lallana (Southampton) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Patrice Evra (Manchester United).     Attempt missed. Victor Wanyama (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.     Attempt saved. Robin van Persie (Manchester United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Nani.     Attempt blocked. Robin van Persie (Manchester United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Wayne Rooney.     Attempt missed. Robin van Persie (Manchester United) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is close, but misses the top left corner.     Attempt saved. Jay Rodriguez (Southampton) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Adam Lallana with a cross.     Corner,  Southampton. Conceded by Michael Carrick.     Attempt missed. Jay Rodriguez (Southampton) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Steven Davis with a cross.     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Victor Wanyama (Southampton).     Foul by Nathaniel Clyne (Southampton).     Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Jay Rodriguez (Southampton).     Rafael (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers