    Norwich striker Ricky van Wolfswinkel is rated as "touch and go" to return from a foot injury. 
    Fellow forward Johan Elmander should be available for selection after recovering from a thigh injury. 
    Cardiff City will be without Craig Noone because of an injury he suffered playing for the club's development side on Monday. 
    Andreas Cornelius has begun training again but is not fit enough for a first-team return. 
    Only one point separates these two sides in the Premier League but it's an important one, with Cardiff just above the dotted line that signifies the relegation zone and Norwich just below it.
    Victory for either at Carrow Road will see them shoot up the table but wins have been in short supply for both sides in recent weeks. Instead, losing has become an unwelcome shared habit and both suffered heavily at the hands of London giants a week ago.
    "For different reasons, the future of Norwich manager Chris Hughton and Cardiff boss Malky Mackay has been questioned in the last few weeks and I think that will continue for whoever loses at Carrow Road on Saturday.
    For Norwich in particular, this is the first of a run of home games where they need to pick up some wins."
    The natives are getting restless at Norwich. Big money was spent in the summer, over £13m of it on new strikers Ricky van Wolfswinkel and Gary Hooper, but so far they've supplied just one league goal between them. 
    Under-fire manager Chris Hughton has tried to reassure worried fans, pointing out that the Canaries are a point better off than a year ago when they went on to finish in 11th place.  
    That was their best final standing in 20 years, an impressive achievement, but one that raises expectations and that can always spell trouble.
    While Cardiff boss Malky Mackay can rely on support from the fans, his unease comes from the boardroom. His relationship with owner Vincent Tan is delicate at best, and as foolish as it sounds his job might come under threat if Cardiff drop in to the relegation zone and get stuck there.
    Any sense of injustice from last Saturday's defeat at Chelsea must be forgotten about, although I doubt we'll see 
    
David Marshall bouncing the ball again 

     to test the referee's interpretation of the Laws of the Game.  
    The goalkeeper, like his manager, is a Norwich old-boy. Add a third in the shape of Craig Bellamy and you have a few extra reasons why Cardiff will want to come out on top at Carrow Road. 
     Head-to-head

     Norwich City

     Cardiff City

