    Wigan Athletic remain in the hunt for a place in the Europa League knockout stages after a gutsy draw against Rubin Kazan at the DW Stadium.
    The Russian Premier League visitors took an early lead through Aleksandr Prudnikov's clinical low finish.
    But their Championship hosts produced a spirited reply and levelled through on-loan forward Nick Powell.
    The 19-year-old netted from 20 yards before team-mate Marc-Antoine Fortune was denied twice late in the game.
     07 Nov:

     v Rubin Kazan (A)
     28 Nov:

     v Zulte-Waregem (H)
     12 Dec: 

    v Maribor (A)
    Substitute Fortune first shot tamely at Sergei Ryzhikov before the goalkeeper produced an excellent save from the former Celtic and West Brom forward in stoppage time.
    Despite failing to find a winner, Wigan will take encouragement after coming through their toughest Europa League test unscathed against seasoned European campaigners.
    They reach the midway point in Group D with five points from three games, second in the table, two points behind leaders Rubin.
    The Russian visitors, quarter-finalists last season, showed their experience by sweeping into a 15th-minute lead. 
    Chris Mavinga's inviting ball into the Wigan area allowed former Spartak Moscow forward Prudnikov to fire past Scott Carson.
    Jordi Gomez wasted a great chance to equalise after an excellent free-flowing move before Powell, on loan from Manchester United, scored his third European goal for Wigan, a well-placed low finish that beat Ryzhikov for pace.
    Opportunities were limited for both teams after the interval, but it remains to be seen how costly Fortune's failure to net a late winner will prove to Wigan, who visit Rubin on 7 November.
    But with a home match to follow against Zulte-Waregem, with whom they 
    
drew in Belgium, 

     Latics manager Owen Coyle will be confident his side can progress to the round of 32.
     Wigan manager Owen Coyle:

    "We knew they were a quality side and they showed that. All credit to the lads, they strictly stuck to their task and scored a great goal through Nick Powell.
    "We thought we were worthy of three points but we were delighted with the application.
    "It puts us in a nice position and our destiny is in our own hands. If we go unbeaten over the last three games, it should be enough to qualify."
    Full Time   Match ends, Wigan Athletic 1, Rubin Kazan 1.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Wigan Athletic 1, Rubin Kazan 1.     Attempt missed. Iván Marcano (Rubin Kazan) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Wakaso with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Rubin Kazan. Conceded by Emmerson Boyce.     Wakaso (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Emmerson Boyce (Wigan Athletic).     Attempt saved. Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Nick Powell.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Oleg Kuzmin (Rubin Kazan) because of an injury.   Booking     James McClean (Wigan Athletic) is shown the yellow card.     Attempt saved. Sergei Kislyak (Rubin Kazan) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Yann M'Vila.     Attempt blocked. Sergei Kislyak (Rubin Kazan) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Attempt blocked. Aleksandr Ryazantsev (Rubin Kazan) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roman Eremenko.     Foul by Gökdeniz Karadeniz (Rubin Kazan).     Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Chris Mavinga.     Attempt blocked. Callum McManaman (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is blocked. Assisted by Marc-Antoine Fortuné with a headed pass.   Booking     Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan) is shown the yellow card.     Foul by Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan).     Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Iván Marcano (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic).     Corner,  Rubin Kazan. Conceded by Stephen Crainey.     Corner,  Rubin Kazan. Conceded by Ryan Shotton.   Substitution     Substitution, Wigan Athletic. Callum McManaman replaces Jordi Gómez.     Wakaso (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Emmerson Boyce (Wigan Athletic).   Substitution     Substitution, Rubin Kazan. Gökdeniz Karadeniz replaces Aleksandr Prudnikov.     Foul by Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan).     Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan).     Chris McCann (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt saved. Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Nick Powell.     Attempt blocked. Roman Eremenko (Rubin Kazan) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Aleksandr Prudnikov.   Substitution     Substitution, Wigan Athletic. James McClean replaces Jean Beausejour.     Oleg Kuzmin (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Ryan Shotton (Wigan Athletic).   Substitution     Substitution, Rubin Kazan. César Navas replaces Roman Sharonov.   Booking     Wakaso (Rubin Kazan) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Wakaso (Rubin Kazan).     Chris McCann (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan).     Leon Barnett (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Roman Eremenko (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Marc-Antoine Fortuné (Wigan Athletic).   Substitution     Substitution, Wigan Athletic. Marc-Antoine Fortuné replaces Grant Holt.     Wakaso (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Emmerson Boyce (Wigan Athletic).     Foul by Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan).     Ryan Shotton (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Iván Marcano (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Grant Holt (Wigan Athletic).   Substitution     Substitution, Rubin Kazan. Wakaso replaces Dmitri Torbinski.     Foul by Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan).     Chris McCann (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Chris McCann (Wigan Athletic).     Foul by Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan).     Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Booking     Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan).     Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Iván Marcano (Rubin Kazan).     Grant Holt (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan).     Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt blocked. Roman Eremenko (Rubin Kazan) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Aleksandr Ryazantsev.   Booking     Ryan Shotton (Wigan Athletic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Ryan Shotton (Wigan Athletic).     Foul by Sergei Kislyak (Rubin Kazan).     Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.       Second Half begins Wigan Athletic 1, Rubin Kazan 1.     Half Time    First Half ends, Wigan Athletic 1, Rubin Kazan 1.     Foul by Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan).     Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Rubin Kazan. Conceded by Jordi Gómez.     Attempt missed. Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right.   Booking     Leon Barnett (Wigan Athletic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Yann M'Vila (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Leon Barnett (Wigan Athletic).     Attempt missed. Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Roman Eremenko with a through ball following a fast break.   Goal!     Goal!  Wigan Athletic 1, Rubin Kazan 1. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ben Watson.     Corner,  Rubin Kazan. Conceded by Emmerson Boyce.     Attempt saved. Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Foul by Roman Eremenko (Rubin Kazan).     Jean Beausejour (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Ben Watson (Wigan Athletic).     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Oleg Kuzmin (Rubin Kazan) because of an injury.     Attempt blocked. Grant Holt (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Offside, Rubin Kazan. Roman Eremenko tries a through ball, but Aleksandr Prudnikov is caught offside.     Foul by Grant Holt (Wigan Athletic).     Iván Marcano (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Leon Barnett (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan).     Foul by Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic).     Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Wigan Athletic. Ryan Shotton tries a through ball, but Grant Holt is caught offside.     Foul by Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan).     Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Attempt missed. Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Grant Holt.     Attempt missed. Aleksandr Ryazantsev (Rubin Kazan) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Roman Eremenko.     Emmerson Boyce (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan).     Foul by Ryan Shotton (Wigan Athletic).     Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic).     Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Goal!     Goal!  Wigan Athletic 0, Rubin Kazan 1. Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Chris Mavinga.     Offside, Rubin Kazan. Yann M'Vila tries a through ball, but Aleksandr Prudnikov is caught offside.     Emmerson Boyce (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Aleksandr Prudnikov (Rubin Kazan).     Attempt saved. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Attempt blocked. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Chris McCann (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Dmitri Torbinski (Rubin Kazan).     Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Chris Mavinga (Rubin Kazan).     Foul by Oleg Kuzmin (Rubin Kazan).     Jean Beausejour (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers