ESPN FC: Two tales of TorresHislop and Nicol discuss why Fernando Torres excels in cup competitions but not in the league.Tags: Fernando Torres, Chelsea, Premier League, Espn Fc, SoccerESPN FC: Two tales of Torresvar ESPN_GLOBALS = {"videoPlayers":{"intl_videoHub09":{"height":324,"width":576,"autostart":"true","trackingName":"intl_videoHub09","adSet": "intl"}}};espn.video.embeded.play();Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho feels Sunday’s clash against Manchester City is not "crucial" given the unpredictability of the Premier League this season.GettyImagesJose Mourinho is not placing too much importance on Sunday's game.• Mourinho fined by FAThe game at Stamford Bridge pits second-placed Chelsea against fourth-placed City, and the Blues could even climb to the top of the league with a win if Arsenal slip up against Crystal Palace.However, while Mourinho is desperate to secure a positive result, he concedes that it will not be the end of the world for either team should they succumb to defeat."We want to win," Mourinho said. "A win is good. Losing is not good. At this moment, with the way the Premier League is going week after week, I think no result will put a team in a great situation. No result will put a team in a difficult situation."Every weekend, somebody loses points. Some weekend, more than one of the top teams loses points. The league is hard. At this stage, mid-October, I don't think one game is going to be crucial."We have tests every week, every week. It's a big team, yes. A very good team. But every match is a test and three points. It doesn't make a difference."Mourinho, who confirmed Ashley Cole will return from injury on Sunday, stated that City are capable of winning the title under Manuel Pellegrini."Yes, I think so,” he said. “And he has the most important thing which is an unbelievable squad of players."Mourinho also believes Manchester United are still in the hunt, despite lying eight points off leaders Arsenal."Very much. Very much," he said. "They had lots of difficult matches, and other teams didn't. They played already against Chelsea, against Liverpool, against City."There will come a time and a period of fixtures where they will win consecutive matches and other teams will lose points, and they will close the gap and put themselves in a position to fight for the title."Regarding Sir Alex Ferguson's recent compliments for Mourinho in his autobiography, the Chelsea boss said that he wants to read the book in full before passing judgement."You didn't let me read the book," he said. "People speak so much about it, it doesn't look as if they want people to buy the book. I want to buy it and read it."People have been reacting, commenting, but I want to buy and read the book. Before the summer. If not, in the summer, in a calm and nice way."I want to read it. I don't want to see it out of context. I want to read it myself. I don't want other people to comment for me. I want to read it."