Coverage: Watch highlights on The Football League Show; BBC local radio;     Former Liverpool defender Daniel Ayala is poised to make his Middlesbrough debut after joining the managerless club on loan from Norwich City.
    The ex-Spain Under-21 international 
    
joined for three months 

     after 
    
Tony Mowbray departed 

     on Monday and Mark Venus was made caretaker boss. 
    Former England international Jonathan Woodgate (calf) is Boro's only injury doubt against Doncaster.
    Rovers hope captain Rob Jones will be fit to play after an arm injury.
    Middlesbrough lie sixteenth in the Championship having won just two matches all season, with a 3-2 defeat to Barnsley last weekend resulting in Mowbray's sacking.
    His assistant Venus, who supported the club as a boy and once admitted that he used to get Boro pyjamas every Christmas, was put in temporary charge, but he is warning fans not to expect a quick fix.
    "This is an experience for me and how long it lasts, I don't know," he said.
    "I'm not crazy enough to think it will all turn around in one game but I'm going to work really hard and the players are going to work really hard and we're all going to try hard to turn it around.
    "It's a difficult game. Anyone who plays anyone in this league finds games difficult and Doncaster beat Leicester City not long ago. 
    "We have to put on a performance for the club and for the fans and we have to do ourselves justice."
    Doncaster boss Paul Dickov meanwhile is wary of a Boro backlash following Mowbray's departure.
    Rovers head to the Riverside Stadium looking for their third win in five, but ex-Oldham manager Dickov is expecting the hosts to raise their game.
    "What is always frustrating for all managers is that a team often wins the game when you have left," he said.
    "You often get a reaction from the players and with being at home they will try to stamp their authority on the match early doors.
    "It's in front of their own fans and on TV as well, so they will start very strongly."
     Head-to-head

    •	Middlesbrough are seeking their 10th win in 13 league meetings with Doncaster.  
    •	The south Yorkshire club have never beaten Middlesbrough in an away league match; their only triumph on Teesside was 4-1 in the fourth round of the FA Cup in February 1952.  
    •	There have only been 20 previous league matches between these clubs, and Boro need just two more goals to reach 50 against Rovers.  
     Middlesbrough

    •	Mark Venus takes temporary charge for the first time following Monday's departure of manager Tony Mowbray as Boro seek only their third league win of the season.   
    •	Although the Teesside club have taken just 24 points from the past 99 available, they are unbeaten in five on home turf (W1 D4).  
    •	Boro have gained a joint-best eight Championship points from losing positions.  
     Doncaster Rovers

    •	Rovers are searching for a third win in five league outings, and a second of the season on the road.
    •	Manager Paul Dickov has used a divisional-low 19 players in Championship matches this term, but Rovers are one of two in the division yet to recover a single point once falling behind.  
    •	If selected, South Africa midfielder Dean Furman will make his 200th senior appearance in club football.  
