Luis Suarez has told Uruguayan radio that he is looking forward to a 'good season' with Liverpool after brushing off reports he is wanted by Real Madrid.The Liverpool striker has made an impressive return to action after serving a 10-match suspension for biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic last season.He has scored six goals in five Premier League appearances and speculation has claimed that Real are ready to offer cash plus Karim Benzema to sign Suarez in January.Suarez, who was the subject of offers from Arsenal in the summer transfer window, is unaware of interest from Real and insists he is happy in the Premier League."Absolutely nothing at all," Suarez told Uruguayan radio station Sport 890 when asked if he knew of any interest from Real."In the team we are all really excited, looking forward and looking forward to a good season.




"In the team we are all really excited, looking forward and looking forward to a good season. The Premier League is the best league there is. The stadiums, the atmosphere and the fans make football here so entertaining."

Luis Suarez



"In the team we are all really excited, looking forward and looking forward to a good season. The Premier League is the best league there is. The stadiums, the atmosphere and the fans make football here so entertaining."Luis Suarez"The Premier League is the best league there is. The stadiums, the atmosphere and the fans make football here so entertaining."Earlier this week, Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers rejected talk that Suarez is likely to be on his way when the transfer window reopens."No, I wouldn't say that," insisted Rodgers. "I think he, like ourselves, wants to be at the very highest level he can be."And you can see by his performances he deserves to be looking at that level."But it also shows he has been excellent in his attitude, you see his work rate - that is the key."Rodgers added: "For me, this is the place for Luis. I still maintain that even if we were in mid-table this would be the place for him to be because this is a massive club - a global institution."But as a football club and as a team we are growing - and he can grow with us. Luis has the support of everyone at the club and the love of everyone and because this is a worldwide institution, there is no better place for him to grow."Meanwhile, Suarez is proud to be on the 23-man shortlist for the Ballon d'Or, but he is not expecting to win the prestigious award.Suarez said: "I feel very proud to be on FIFA's shortlist for the Ballon d'Or, but I can think of a number of other players who had a more impressive year."If I had to choose, I'd go for Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Ribery."

Catch live action across 6 sports channels exclusively with Sky Sports - Find out more



Catch live action across 6 sports channels exclusively with Sky Sports - Find out more
