Gabriel Agbonlahor has targeted a place in England's World Cup squad and says Roy Hodgson's attacking line-up in the final two qualifiers has given hope to many of the country's forwards.Agbonlahor has made just three appearances at international level and has not played for England since the 3-0 win over Belarus four years ago.However, he still has ambitions to pull on a Three Lions shirt and is determined to play as well as he can for Aston Villa this season to put himself firmly in the manager's thoughts."I've always been desperate to play for England. World Cups, European Championships, qualifying matches - even a friendly - it doesn't matter to me," Agbonlahor told The Sun."It's always an honour to play for your country. Every time you pull on an England shirt is an honour as far as I'm concerned.




"It'd be a massive honour to go to the World Cup and represent England in Brazil. If not, I'll simply put my head down and start working towards making the squad for the 2018 finals in Russia."

Gabriel Agbonlahor



"It'd be a massive honour to go to the World Cup and represent England in Brazil. If not, I'll simply put my head down and start working towards making the squad for the 2018 finals in Russia."Gabriel Agbonlahor"There must be reasons why I haven't been in the squad as much as I feel I should, but that's down to me, no one else."It's my job to have a really good season and show what I can do.""It'd be a massive honour to go to the World Cup and represent England in Brazil. If not, I'll simply put my head down and start working towards making the squad for the 2018 finals in Russia."Agbonlahor is fully aware of how quickly a player can fall out of favour, having missed out on a place at the 2010 World Cup despite starting the final qualifier against Belarus.But it is also possible to break into the squad rapidly with a good run of form, as Andros Townsend has shown by starting the season strongly for Tottenham Hotspur and then taking his chance with England.Townsend played a starring role in a couple of dynamic displays from England at Wembley against Montenegro and Poland, and Agbonlahor is pleased to see that Hodgson appears to be keeping his options open.He added: "I see how well England are doing at the moment and cannot really question not being there. We've qualified playing some great attacking football to beat Poland.




v




Live Super Sunday
A Villa vs Tottenham
October 20, 2013, 3:30pm

                        Sky Sports 1 HD                



Remote Record


Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports




October 20, 2013, 3:30pm"A few months ago who would have thought Andros Townsend would start England's most important qualifier?"So it is clear Roy Hodgson will pick his squad with his backroom staff, regardless of what other people think."In six months' time, it could be a totally different one."Credit to Roy Hodgson, he has Danny Welbeck, who is probably more of a striker, wide on the left. On the other side Andros runs at anyone and it shows England can play a very exciting style."It gives me hope. But the same applies to maybe 40-45 players in the country."