    Liverpool welcome back midfielder Lucas Leiva, who missed the 2-2 draw against Newcastle to attend the birth of his daughter.
    Jose Enrique is likely to miss out with a knee injury, while Philippe Coutinho is set to make his comeback from a shoulder problem next weekend.
    West Brom are again without Scott Sinclair because of a hamstring injury.
    Goalkeeper Ben Foster remains sidelined, while Zoltan Gera and George Thorne are nursing minor problems.
    West Brom have had a happy knack of appointing good managers at good times in recent years. It seemed that Roberto Di Matteo was doing a decent job until Roy Hodgson replaced him and made them stronger; after Hodgson had answered England's call, Steve Clarke has succeeded in improving Albion still further. 
    "I think Liverpool will look at last week's draw with 10-man Newcastle as two points dropped. The Magpies battled hard but Liverpool had an extra man for almost an hour, and had enough chances to win the game.
    "Former Liverpool assistant manager Steve Clarke beat the Reds home and away in the Premier League as Baggies boss last season but I don't see that happening this time."
    In his outstanding first season in charge at The Hawthorns, Clarke oversaw a new club record for the number of wins in a Premier League season and a highest league finish since 1981. 
    A quiet, unassuming, highly-respected but occasionally grumpy number two to a host of top managers, he has evolved into a force to be reckoned with in his own right. 
    One of Albion's achievements last season was a league double over Liverpool, 
    
3-0 at home 

     and 
    
2-0 away. 

     The win at Anfield in February must have been particularly pleasing. 
    Clarke, you will recall, was assistant manager to Kenny Dalglish during his second spell at Liverpool and offered to resign when Dalglish was sacked.
    That offer was rejected, with some inside the club clearly keen that Clarke should stay. Brendan Rodgers was obviously not so keen, however, because within a week of Rodgers' arrival at Liverpool, Clarke had left. 
    If there was any bitterness, Clarke has moved on and Liverpool have certainly moved on too; fewer than half of Liverpool's starting 11 at Newcastle last weekend were at the club under the previous regime. 
    Last season, Albion rushed like a giddy teenager into the arms of the top six and stayed there until Christmas.  This term it's been steady rather than giddy with the exception of 
    
the stand-out win at Old Trafford. 
    They have consolidated on that with draws against Arsenal and Stoke and go to  Liverpool unbeaten in five. Impressive.
    Liverpool have lost just one of their last 16 league games and carry a real punch in attack. At the other end, the verdict is out on a defence looking a bit creaky since the switch to a 3-5-2 formation which is designed to accommodate Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge as a pair. 
    I'm expecting goals at both ends.  
     Head-to-head

     Liverpool

     West Bromwich Albion

