Cristiano Ronaldo has jumped to the defence of Real Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale, saying there has been too much pressure placed on him since his record-breaking move to the Bernabeu.Bale joined Real in the summer from Tottenham, breaking Ronaldo's own world record transfer fee following his arrival from Manchester United.The Wales international has struggled to make an impact at Real due to a series of niggling injuries and is yet to play a full 90 minutes for his new club.Ronaldo has called for Bale to be given time to settle into his new surroundings and has backed the 24-year-old to be a success in the Spanish capital."I think Gareth Bale has done well," said Ronaldo.




"He had a difficult time because he didn't do a pre-season. I understand that and if you speak with him you can see he is very excited to help the team, but it is better to leave him alone and not add pressure."

Cristiano Ronaldo on Gareth Bale



"He had a difficult time because he didn't do a pre-season. I understand that and if you speak with him you can see he is very excited to help the team, but it is better to leave him alone and not add pressure."Cristiano Ronaldo on Gareth Bale"He had a difficult time because he didn't do a pre-season. I understand that and if you speak with him you can see he is very excited to help the team, but it is better to leave him alone and not add pressure."He is a fantastic player, a fantastic boy and he always wants to learn."People put pressure on him because of how much he cost. I leave him alone because I am sure 100 percent that he is going to do well for the club."Portuguese ace Ronaldo also dismissed suggestions that himself and Bale could not succeed in the same team because of their similar styles of play."I think all the good players can play together," added Ronaldo. "I want to play with good players, no matter who they are, and I think we can win important things together." 



 




                        Gareth Bale came off the bench to win his side a penalty as Real Madrid beat Malaga 2-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu.                     



            function fw_config(){ return { siteSection:"SkySports:Article", videoAssetFallbackId:30621833 }; }
        

                        Gareth Bale came off the bench to win his side a penalty as Real Madrid beat Malaga 2-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu.                    Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti echoed the sentiments of Ronaldo and insists the return to fitness of Bale will have no impact on Ronaldo's position in the team."In general I think good players can play together and it is good for the team if they play together," he said."The debate (about Bale and Ronaldo) is outside of Real Madrid, not inside. Even objectively, one is used to playing on the left and one on the right."Cristiano Ronaldo will start on the wing and afterwards he scores goals in the centre because it is very difficult to score goals from on the wing."It is important not to fixate so much on the position of a player when he scores 60 goals a season."