    In his regular BBC Sport column on football tactics, Robbie Savage looks at 
    
Tottenham's goalless daw at Everton.
    Some people might argue that this was a good result for Spurs: they moved level on points with second-placed Chelsea after keeping a clean sheet and drawing away from home, against another team that is in touch with them near the top of the table.
    But, if they are serious about winning the title, then Tottenham have got to win these sort of tight games.
    With their team selection and tactics against the Toffees, they did not try hard enough to do that.
    Spurs have conceded just five goals in 10 league games this season, but they have only scored nine themselves. Being so tight at the back will only take them so far - and it is their lack of goal-threat that will hold them back.
    Looking at the team sheet before kick-off, it appeared Spurs boss Andre Villas-Boas had set up his side in his usual way - a 4-2-3-1 with two holding midfielders and three players trying to support the lone striker, Roberto Soldado.
    But in the first half, Tottenham's formation was actually more like a 4-1-4-1, with only Sandro holding and Paulinho, who usually operates alongside him, getting into more advanced positions. 
21: Leon Osman9: Roberto Soldado17: Romelu Lukaku8: Paulinho18: Gareth Barry 5: Jan Vertonghen    Their full-backs, particularly Jan Vertonghen on the left, were getting forward too, along with Aaron Lennon and Andros Townsend, who joined Paulinho and Lewis Holtby behind Soldado.
    Everton were on the back foot and could not impose themselves on the game - before the break, Spurs had 58.3%  of the possession.
    This was not a cavalier approach from Villas-Boas, however. Far from it.
    Even though Tottenham were seeing more of the ball, getting more men forward and playing the game in Everton's half to force the home side back, they struggled to create any clear-cut chances.
    Seven out of their 10 efforts on goal before half-time came from outside the area and their clearest sight of goal was a Soldado header from an Aaron Lennon cross, which flew a long way wide.
    Opening Everton up was never Villas-Boas's intention, however. You can tell that because he started with his most creative players - Christian Eriksen and Gylfi Sigurdsson - on the bench.
Christian Eriksen has started only one of Tottenham's five away league games this season