    Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini has warned CSKA Moscow fans against repeating their 
    
racist abuse of City midfielder Yaya Toure 

     on Tuesday. 
    The sides meet again in the Champions League two weeks after Toure was targeted during City's 2-1 win, 
    
leading to Uefa punishing the Russian club.
    "The CSKA fans made a mistake," said Pellegrini. "Uefa acted and gave them the punishment it deserved. 
    "I hope we can leave this in the past and it will be an example for them."
     5 November:

     v CSKA Moscow (home)
     27 November:

     v Viktoria Plzen (home)
     10 December:

     v Bayern Munich (away)
    One of the single-tiered ends of Arena Khimki will be closed when CSKA host Bayern Munich on 27 November. 
    Pellegrini said the club's supporters had a responsibility to behave properly because "they have a World Cup in their country" in 2018. 
    CSKA Moscow remain insistent reports of racial abuse towards Toure remain exaggerated and that their punishment by Uefa was an overreaction. 
    The Russian club initially attempted to prevent questions on racism being asked during a press conference before Tuesday's Champions League. But when CSKA manager Leonid Slutsky was forced to address the issue he was unapologetic and refused to answer questions on whether CSKA would be making official apology to Toure on Tuesday. 
    "We did not hear any racist slur so it is difficult to comment," he said. 
    "The club is categorically against racism, but we think the situation has been exaggerated and that there has been an overreaction. We have received our punishment, it was up to Uefa."
    Pellegrini also confirmed 
    
Joe Hart would remain on the bench 

     for Tuesday's match, with Costel Pantilimon set to continue in goal.
    Hart was dropped for Saturday's 
    
7-0 Premier League home win over Norwich City 

     after a string of high-profile mistakes.
    "Joe has reacted very well," added Pellegrini. "For him this is a good thing after playing so many matches over the past two or three years. 
    "He has been working no problem, supporting Costel. Nobody wants to be out but he thinks a rest will be useful for him too."
    City go into the game second in Group D, three points behind leaders Bayern Munich and three ahead of CSKA.
