    Manager Gus Poyet's first game in charge of bottom club Sunderland ended in an emphatic defeat at Swansea.
    Black Cats defender Phil Bardsley skied a glorious chance at the far post before inadvertently scoring an own goal from Angel Rangel's corner, the first of three goals in seven minutes.
    Jonathan De Guzman curled in a second and Wilfried Bony added a penalty.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Loss not a nice welcome - Poyet    Chico Flores headed in a late corner, credited as a Steven Fletcher own goal as Sunderland scrambled to clear.
    It left the Black Cats with one point from their first eight Premier League games - their worst start to a season.
    And their second-half capitulation provided Poyet with the evidence - if he needed it - of the size of the task he faces ahead of their next game, the Wear-Tyne derby against rivals Newcastle.
    His side are rooted to the bottom of the table and have conceded 20 goals, which is more than any other side in the division.
    For Swansea, an improved second-half display - including that three-goal burst - helped them wrap up the points and a first home league win since March.
    However, the game could have been a different story if the visitors had managed to capitalise on a scrappy Swans performance in the opening half.
    Scotland striker Fletcher was back from a shoulder injury after missing the last three games, and had his side's best chance of the first period.
    "Sunderland played pretty well in the first half, especially defensively. But, in second half, Swansea came at them strongly and just blew them to bits. There wasn't much to get excited about attacking wise for the Black Cats."
    Fletcher, who had 
    
scored twice at the Liberty Stadium on his Black Cats debut last season, 

     latched on to an early corner only to send his left-foot shot the wrong side of the post.
    Bardsley then had the goal in his sights, only to slice midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini's deflected cross horribly over from close range.
    The miss, along with whatever Swansea boss Michael Laudrup said to his side at the break, crucially turned the game in the home side's favour.
    Sunderland's goal led a charmed life as Michu angled a strike over, Bony shot high after Rangel's low cross to the near post and Nathan Dyer had a long range effort well saved by Kieren Westwood.
    However, Swansea's pressure told when a corner went in off Bardsley before De Guzman quickly added another with a 22-yard curling shot into the top corner.
    Poyet brought on ex-Swansea striker striker Fabio Borini and he could have reduced the deficit when played through on goal by Lee Cattermole, but he sidefooted high past onrushing keeper Michel Vorm.
    Instead, it soon got worse for Sunderland when Bony stroked in a spot-kick after Craig Gardner had clumsily brought down Leon Britton.
    And, despite keeper Westwood's heroics limiting the damage for Sunderland, he could not stop Flores powerfully headed in a corner - with the unfortunate Fletcher later credited with the final touch - to compound Poyet's misery.
     Swansea boss Michael Laudrup:

    "It was a very important win for us. It is a home win again after some time in the Premier League. 
    "We knew it would be difficult. They have a new manager but fortunately we did our job, especially in the second half. 
    "The players knew it was not good enough in the first half."
     Sunderland manager Gus Poyet:

    "It's difficult to take because there were things in the first half that we were able to do. We could not keep doing them in the second half and it is something we will look at. 
    "We have been doing well in first half of many games, in the second half it changed completely and we will try to address that.
    "It is not a nice welcome to the Premier League for me but it is where we are. There is no place to hide and you have to take it.
    "It's up to us. There is nothing to complain about and we will make sure we keep working to sort it out for next week when we play Newcastle, which is one of the biggest games for the fans."
    Full Time   Match ends, Swansea City 4, Sunderland 0.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Swansea City 4, Sunderland 0.     Nathan Dyer (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Jack Colback (Sunderland).     Offside, Swansea City. Álex Pozuelo tries a through ball, but Álvaro is caught offside.     Leon Britton (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Sebastian Larsson (Sunderland).     Offside, Sunderland. Lee Cattermole tries a through ball, but Jozy Altidore is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Jozy Altidore (Sunderland) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Keiren Westwood.   Substitution     Substitution, Sunderland. Jozy Altidore replaces Steven Fletcher.   Substitution     Substitution, Swansea City. Álex Pozuelo replaces Wayne Routledge.   Goal!     Goal!  Swansea City 4, Sunderland 0. Chico (Swansea City) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jonathan De Guzmán with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Keiren Westwood.     Attempt saved. Michu (Swansea City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Neil Taylor with a cross.     Attempt saved. Fabio Borini (Sunderland) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Phillip Bardsley.     Foul by Wayne Routledge (Swansea City).     Lee Cattermole (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the attacking half.   Substitution     Substitution, Swansea City. Álvaro replaces Wilfried Bony.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Ondrej Celustka.     Jordi Amat (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fabio Borini (Sunderland).     Offside, Swansea City. Neil Taylor tries a through ball, but Michu is caught offside.     Michu (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Lee Cattermole (Sunderland).     Jonathan De Guzmán (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Jack Colback (Sunderland).     Foul by Neil Taylor (Swansea City).     Ondrej Celustka (Sunderland) wins a free kick on the right wing.   Goal!     Goal!  Swansea City 3, Sunderland 0. Wilfried Bony (Swansea City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top left corner.     Penalty Swansea City. Leon Britton draws a foul in the penalty area.     Penalty conceded by Craig Gardner (Sunderland) after a foul in the penalty area.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Keiren Westwood.     Attempt saved. Jonathan De Guzmán (Swansea City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by John O'Shea.     Attempt missed. Fabio Borini (Sunderland) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Lee Cattermole with a through ball.   Substitution     Substitution, Sunderland. Jack Colback replaces Emanuele Giaccherini.   Substitution     Substitution, Sunderland. Fabio Borini replaces Adam Johnson.     Attempt missed. Valentin Roberge (Sunderland) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Sebastian Larsson with a cross following a set piece situation.     Foul by Angel Rangel (Swansea City).     Adam Johnson (Sunderland) wins a free kick on the left wing.   Goal!     Goal!  Swansea City 2, Sunderland 0. Jonathan De Guzmán (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Wayne Routledge.   Goal!     Own Goal by Phillip Bardsley, Sunderland.  Swansea City 1, Sunderland 0.     Attempt missed. Angel Rangel (Swansea City) header from the right side of the six yard box misses to the left. Assisted by Jonathan De Guzmán with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Keiren Westwood.     Attempt saved. Nathan Dyer (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Leon Britton.     Foul by Chico (Swansea City).     Steven Fletcher (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Wilfried Bony (Swansea City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Angel Rangel with a cross.     Foul by Chico (Swansea City).     Steven Fletcher (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Wayne Routledge (Swansea City) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Ondrej Celustka (Sunderland).     Attempt missed. Michu (Swansea City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Wilfried Bony with a headed pass.   Substitution     Substitution, Swansea City. Neil Taylor replaces Ben Davies because of an injury.     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Ondrej Celustka.     Offside, Sunderland. Lee Cattermole tries a through ball, but Emanuele Giaccherini is caught offside.     Foul by Wayne Routledge (Swansea City).     Sebastian Larsson (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Phillip Bardsley (Sunderland) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is too high.     Corner,  Sunderland. Conceded by Jordi Amat.       Second Half begins Swansea City 0, Sunderland 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Swansea City 0, Sunderland 0.   Booking     Chico (Swansea City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Chico (Swansea City).     Adam Johnson (Sunderland) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Attempt blocked. Chico (Swansea City) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is blocked.     Attempt blocked. Wilfried Bony (Swansea City) header from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Assisted by Jonathan De Guzmán with a cross.   Booking     Valentin Roberge (Sunderland) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Michu (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Valentin Roberge (Sunderland).     Michu (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Valentin Roberge (Sunderland).     Attempt saved. Angel Rangel (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Wilfried Bony.     Foul by Leon Britton (Swansea City).     Emanuele Giaccherini (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Jonathan De Guzmán (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick.     Wilfried Bony (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Craig Gardner (Sunderland).     Attempt blocked. Wayne Routledge (Swansea City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Angel Rangel.     Chico (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Steven Fletcher (Sunderland).     Corner,  Swansea City. Conceded by Phillip Bardsley.     Offside, Sunderland. Emanuele Giaccherini tries a through ball, but Steven Fletcher is caught offside.     Michu (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Craig Gardner (Sunderland).     Foul by Michu (Swansea City).     Lee Cattermole (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Jordi Amat (Swansea City).     Steven Fletcher (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Sunderland. Keiren Westwood tries a through ball, but Steven Fletcher is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Steven Fletcher (Sunderland) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Adam Johnson with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Sunderland. Conceded by Jordi Amat.     Foul by Angel Rangel (Swansea City).     Adam Johnson (Sunderland) wins a free kick on the left wing.   Booking     Phillip Bardsley (Sunderland) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Nathan Dyer (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Phillip Bardsley (Sunderland).     Offside, Sunderland. Emanuele Giaccherini tries a through ball, but Steven Fletcher is caught offside.     Foul by Wilfried Bony (Swansea City).     Lee Cattermole (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers