    Southampton will assess midfielder Steven Davis, who suffered a minor injury in training this week.
    Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino must decide whether to recall Rickie Lambert, who began on the bench in the 1-1 draw at Manchester United.
    Fulham midfielder Bryan Ruiz is doubtful with a back injury, having required a pain-killing injection after Monday's win at Crystal Palace.
    Brede Hangeland is unlikely to play because of a sciatic nerve problem.
    Amid this week's heated discussions about commissions, autobiographies and international eligibility criteria, Southampton and Fulham reminded us of what most people actually love about football.
    "After the start that the Saints have made, their supporters are probably convinced that they are definitely going to finish in the top half of the table. The Premier League is not quite as easy as that, though.
    "After surprising a few teams in the last couple of months, I think Mauricio Pochettino's side might get a bit of a shock themselves."
    Peripheral distractions like scandals and fall-outs will always tease and titillate. Concepts like "singing sections" and 
    
"whether someone is a "top player"  

    or even a "top, top player" generally amuse or frustrate.
    However, it is moments like Pajtim Kasami's goal against Crystal Palace that makes youngsters swoon and old men feel young again.
    The pace, technique and audacity shown are what this game is all about. Kids don't grow up dreaming of sitting on commissions or writing controversial autobiographies - they dream of scoring a goal like that.
    Or perhaps a goal like Adam Lallana's at Old Trafford. It might not have had the aesthetic marvel of Kasami's effort, but the context - 
    
a last-minute equaliser at Manchester United   

    - was right out of the pages of a comic book. 
    Overall, it's not been a bad week to be a supporter of either of these clubs.
    Southampton won a point at Old Trafford with the kind of resilient performance that Sir Alex Ferguson would have been proud of in his heyday.
    It was no flash in the pan for Mauricio Pochettino's team. Lallana's strike was already the fourth time this season that Southampton found the net in the last 10 minutes of a Premier League game.
    Fulham scored four times against Palace and anyone who was at Selhurst Park on Monday will be telling their grandkids they were present when Kasami conjured up his wonder volley. Steve Sidwell's wasn't bad either.
    We will always have gossip and sideshow in football. However, even in the cut-throat world of the modern game, a week like Southampton and Fulham have enjoyed reminds us where the sport's true excitement comes from.
     Head-to-head

     Southampton

     Fulham

