    Crystal Palace manager Ian Holloway has no fresh injury concerns ahead of Monday's match with Fulham.
    Yannick Bolasie is pushing for a first league start, having come off the bench in the 3-1 defeat at Liverpool before the international break.
    Fulham midfielder Scott Parker could return from a calf problem.
    Defender Aaron Hughes has also returned to full training following a thigh injury, while Adel Taarabt is fit after the recent international matches.
    It has been nine seasons since this particular London derby was last contested, and this is only the second time ever that both clubs have been in the top flight during the same season. 
    Ian Holloway's return to the Premier League with Palace is proving to be a slow-burner compared to the early stages of his return with Blackpool three years ago. 
    "Crystal Palace boss Ian Holloway is a good manager but his problem is that all of his players need to play well in order to get any sort of positive result. 
    "If they don't - and it seems like that is every week at the moment - one section of their team is letting them down."
    Crystal Palace have lost six of their seven league games so far - including the last four in a row - representing the club's worst run of form for three years. 
    Back in 2010, Blackpool took 10 points from their opening seven Premier League games and were still in the top half of the table by January of that campaign. 
    Despite the good start, ultimately that season still ended in relegation for the Tangerines. So Holloway will be more aware than most of the endurance needed for the clichéd marathon, rather than sprint, that lies ahead.
    Fulham have been slow to find their stride this season. A run of one point from five games had been piling pressure on Martin Jol. However the victory against Stoke last time out made the international break a more tranquil period than it might have been.
    The new Fulham owner Shahid Khan is tentatively backing his manager: "Martin is a very experienced coach. He's a good guy. We've gotten off to a start nobody's happy with, whether you're a fan or you're Martin. We want to do better but I'm not the kind of person who's going to act on impulse."
    One man that Fulham do hope will be acting on impulse is Darren Bent; the striker 
    
grabbed the winner against Stoke 

     and looks to be finding his feet at his new club. Bent has scored two of only five Premier League goals his side have managed this season.
     Head-to-head

     Crystal Palace

     Fulham

