    Valencia thrashed St Gallen to cut Swansea's lead at the top of Group A of the Europa League to one point.
    Winger Federico Cartabia scored twice in the 5-1 rout at the Mestalla.
    Elsewhere, 
        Eintracht Frankfurt, Ludogorets Razgrad, Fiorentina

     and 
        Red Bull Salzburg

     continued their 100% winning starts in the competition.
    But 
        Lazio

     were held to a 0-0 draw at 
        Apollon Limassol

     to fall two points behind Group J leaders 
        Trabzonspor,

     who beat 
        Legia Warsaw

     2-0.
    Fiorentina, 
    
inspired by their impressive Serie A triumph against Juventus at the weekend, 

     secured a comfortable 3-0 victory against Romanians 
        Pandurii Targu-Jiu 

    in Group E.
    Winger Joaquin and striker Ryder Matos netted in the first half, before Juan Cuadrado found the top corner to complete the scoring.
    Bulgaria's Ludogorets Razgrad stretched their advantage at the top of Group B to five points thanks to Hristo Zlatinski's free-kick against Ukrainians 
        Chornomorets Odesa,

     while second-placed 
        PSV Eindhoven

     played out a frustrating goalless draw at 
        Dinamo Zagreb.

    In Group F, Vaclav Kadlec and Alexander Meier struck either side of the dismissal of 
        Maccabi Tel-Aviv

     forward Tal Ben Haim as Eintracht
    

    moved to within touching distance of progression to the round of 32 with a 2-0 victory.
    In an all-action Group C game in which three players were sent off, Salzburg claimed a 2-1 win against 
        Standard Liege.

    Both sides were reduced to 10 men in the first half as Mehdi Carcela-Gonzalez and Sadio Mane were dismissed with Standard's Kanu shown a red card after the interval.
     Sevilla 

    maintained their control of Group H after Vitolo scored a late equaliser at 10-man 
        Slovan Liberec.

    The winger rounded replacement goalkeeper Lukas Hrosso, who came on after Premysl Kovar was dismissed, to slot in. The goal kept Sevilla two points ahead of their Czech opponents.
    It is still all to play for in Group I, after 1-0 victories for 
        Lyon

     and 
        Real Betis

     against 
        HNK Rijeka

     and 
        Vitoria Guimaraes

     respectively.
