    Cardiff manager Malky Mackay says referee Anthony Taylor made a "horrendous error" by allowing Eden Hazard's first goal to stand in his team's 
    
4-1 defeat by Chelsea.
    Samuel Eto'o kicked the ball away when Bluebirds keeper David Marshall bounced it - a foul according to 
    
Fifa rules. 
    George Courtney, former referee and assessor/reviewer for [top flight officials' body] PGMOL, discussed the Eto'o incident on Sports Report on BBC Radio 5 live.
    He said: "It's an interesting one. It seems that the goalkeeper is still in possession of the ball while he's bouncing it.
    "According to the law, he shouldn't be challenged. If an identical incident happened tomorrow, I would disallow it and award an indirect free-kick. But of course do bear in mind the Laws of the Game are open to interpretation."
    Mackay said: "He bounces the ball. It's a huge mistake. A horrendous error."
    Chelsea assistant first-team coach Steve Holland said: "The referee had a clear view and knows the rules."
    Cardiff were leading 1-0 at the time, following Jordon Mutch's goal. But, after Eto'o nipped the ball away from Marshall, Hazard slid home to level.
    Mackay added: "At the time, I didn't see but I've been into see the referee. Our goalkeeper bounced the ball. He saw the player Eto'o there. The referee is saying that, at the time, he heard from his linesman that he dropped the ball.
    "He said immediately that if the goalkeeper bounces the ball, then it's a foul on him. They've got it wrong between them and it's cost us. We've gone in 1-1 at half-time instead of 1-0."

Marshall said he is "gutted" by the equaliser 

     and believes it was the game's defining moment.
    "Goals change games - it was a silly goal to lose," he said. I always bounce the ball before kicking the ball so [it's] probably my fault.
    "It's just disappointing because we had a game plan and it was working up until then."
    Eto'o, Oscar and Hazard each scored second-half goals but 
    
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was sent off 

     and refused to attend his post-match media conference.
