    Ex-England captain Rio Ferdinand and manager Roy Hodgson have been named on the Football Association's commission to improve the national team.
    The appointments come one day after Heather Rabbatts, the FA's only female board member, 
    
criticised the group's all-white, all-male make-up.
    Hodgson, 66, has 
    
guided England to the 2014 World Cup finals in Brazil.
    Ferdinand, 34, 
    
quit international football in May 

     after winning the last of his 81 caps in June 2011.
    The centre-back, who has won six Premier League titles with Manchester United, is the first non-white member of the 10-person panel.
    On Saturday, Rabbatts accused the FA of letting down black and ethnic minority people with the make-up of the commission.
    Following the new appointments, she welcomed "a degree of diversity" but said questions needed to be answered to a make the body "truly credible".
    FA chairman Greg Dyke said Ferdinand had always been intended to be included on the panel.
    "We have been speaking to Rio and Manchester United for some time about him joining the group - before we named the other members of the commission," said Dyke.
    "However, as he is a current Manchester United player we needed to be sure that Rio had the necessary time to fully participate on the commission and not impact on his day job. It has been agreed he does.
    "As a current player with forthright views and opinions on the game, we can look forward to Rio providing significant insight and experience."
    Ferdinand and Hodgson join FA vice-chairman Roger Burden, former England manager Glenn Hoddle, ex-England defender Danny Mills, League Managers' Association chairman Howard Wilkinson, Professional Footballers' Association chairman Ritchie Humphreys, Football League chairman Greg Clarke and Crewe director of football Dario Gradi on the panel.
    Dyke has previously said the commission would have no more than 10 members, although it is not yet confirmed whether the line-up is complete.
    The group was set up to consider how to increase the number of England-qualified players appearing for the country's top clubs.
    "This is the latest twist in FA chairman Greg Dyke's look at how to improve the fortunes of the England football team. 
    "Roy Hodgson and Rio Ferdinand are two heavyweight figures but perhaps, more significantly, Ferdinand will become the only non-white member of the commission. 
    "Some may accuse Dyke of tokenism after accusations he mishandled the set-up of the commission. 
    "He will now hope he has silenced his critics and it will be fascinating to see what Rio Ferdinand will bring to the commission."
    Dyke, who has set England a target of reaching the Euro 2020 semi-finals and 
    
winning the 2022 World Cup, 

     said he delayed announcing Hodgson's appointment until the conclusion of England's qualifying campaign for Brazil.
    "It is important Roy can offer his views as the current manager of the national team and share the knowledge he has gained when working for many years in a number of countries," he said.
    The revelation of Ferdinand and Hodgson's inclusions come after a dramatic day on which Jamaica-born Rabbatts, 57, wrote a letter to Dyke and fellow board members to complain about "a lack of diversity", saying she had no choice but to go public as there had been a "refusal to understand" her position in private. 
    Responding in an open letter, Dyke said he was "sorry" Rabbatts felt the need to go public and "surprised" at the comments of his former board colleague at the BBC, where he was director-general from 2000 to 2004.
    In a statement on Sunday evening, Rabbatts said: "While I can appreciate the appointment of Roy and Rio and of course welcome a degree of diversity, there are still questions which remain about the work and role of the FA commission.
    "The issue of real diversity, and the insight that can bring, is still not fully resolved nor are the exact terms of reference of the commission and the continued absence of the Premier League from its membership. 
    "Greg Dyke was right to say that this project was the FA's flagship for the future well-being of our national team and it is essential that it is overseen by a body that is truly credible and has the trust and confidence of the whole of football.
    "This is still not the case - today's announcement is a start but there is a lot more work to do."
    Ferdinand, who played for England in the 1998, 2002 and 2006 World Cups, was left out of the squad for Euro 2012 by Hodgson.
    His absence from the tournament avoided a potential conflict with John Terry, who at the time was awaiting trial over allegations he racially abused Ferdinand's brother, Anton. 
    Terry was 
    
cleared of the charge 

     at Westminster Magistrates' Court in July, but was later 
    
found guilty by the FA.
    In October 2012, Hodgson 
    
denied telling London Underground passengers 

     that Ferdinand's international career was over.
    Ferdinand was 
    
recalled for the World Cup qualifiers 

     against San Marino and Montenegro in March, but 
    
later withdrew 

     because of a "pre-planned fitness programme" before announcing his international retirement two months later.
