    England's man of the moment Andros Townsend helped Tottenham bounce back from their shock home loss to West Ham United with a convincing win at Aston Villa.
    Townsend, outstanding in England's victories against Montenegro and Poland that secured their place at next summer's World Cup in Brazil, broke the deadlock with a fortunate first-half goal as his cross floated beyond Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan.
    Sadly the goal was overshadowed by an ugly incident as referee's assistant 
    
David Bryan was struck by a smoking flare 

     thrown by a celebrating Spurs fan - although he recovered to continue.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Confident deserved win - Villas-Boas    As Aston Villa struggled to make on impact on Spurs' defence, manager Paul Lambert called on fit-again striker Christian Benteke as a substitute for the last 30 minutes but it was to no avail.
    Roberto Soldado wrapped up the three points that takes Andre Villas-Boas' side up to fifth place in the Premier League when he rounded off a sweet passing move with a clinical finish after 69 minutes.
    There will, however, be focus on that incident in which the referee's assistant could have been more seriously hurt - with the Football Association sure to want further details of events in the aftermath of Townsend's goal.
    In a largely undistinguished first half it was, almost inevitably, Townsend who made the first decisive contribution after 31 minutes with a goal that contained more than an element of good fortune as his whipped cross from the right flank eluded everyone, including Guzan, and crept in. 
    "It is Tottenham's fourth successive away win without conceding a goal. Andros Townsend was the star of the show. He scored a first-half goal he didn't really mean. Roberto Soldado worked hard to create an opportunity which he finished."
    Townsend's first Premier League goal for Spurs was followed by the incident in which the smoke bomb, hurled from among the visiting fans, struck the referee's assistant on the back. He took a few moments to regain his composure after the understandable shock and was fortunately able to carry on.
    Villa, who had lacked serious threat, apart from when Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris had to turn away Ashley Westwood's free-kick, had another opportunity when Andreas Weimann fired a shot into the side-netting from the edge of the area.
    Spurs ended the half on top and Guzan did well to turn away another Townsend effort - and repeated his heroics four minutes after the break from Paulinho.
    Villa fans had been chanting for the introduction of Benteke from the opening moments of the second half and they got their wish on the hour when he replaced Libor Kozak.
    And the powerful Belgian striker almost made his mark inside three minutes when he headed just over from Leandro Bacuna's cross.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Lambert 'happy with Villa progress'    It was Spurs, however, who had the quality to put the game out of Villa's reach with the slickest of goals that hinted at the quality in their squad.
     Aston Villa manager Paul Lambert:

    "It was pretty tight. We had chances and there wasn't much in it. In the second half we came out and played really well. 
    "I thought they scored against the run of play in the second half. We were playing really well, with confidence and the crowd were really up for it.
    "Starting with Christian Benteke was a big ask because he has only trained a couple of days in a month. He got 30 minutes and that will have done him the world of good."
 To see a photo album of the Aston Villa-Tottenham Hotspur match go to the BBC Sport 
Facebook page. 
    Full Time   Match ends, Aston Villa 0, Tottenham Hotspur 2.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Aston Villa 0, Tottenham Hotspur 2.     Offside, Aston Villa. Brad Guzan tries a through ball, but Christian Benteke is caught offside.   Booking     Aaron Lennon (Tottenham Hotspur) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Aaron Lennon (Tottenham Hotspur).     Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Booking     Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Fabian Delph (Aston Villa).     Attempt blocked. Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Antonio Luna with a cross.     Mousa Dembélé (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Christian Benteke (Aston Villa).   Booking     Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur) is shown the yellow card.   Substitution     Substitution, Tottenham Hotspur. Jermain Defoe replaces Roberto Soldado.     Attempt saved. Aleksandar Tonev (Aston Villa) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andreas Weimann.     Attempt missed. Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Andros Townsend.     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Ashley Westwood.     Michael Dawson (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Christian Benteke (Aston Villa).     Attempt missed. Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur) header from very close range misses to the left. Assisted by Andros Townsend with a cross.   Substitution     Substitution, Aston Villa. Aleksandar Tonev replaces Gabriel Agbonlahor.     Attempt missed. Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Christian Benteke.     Attempt missed. Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Fabian Delph.     Attempt missed. Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Paulinho.     Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fabian Delph (Aston Villa).     Foul by Sandro (Tottenham Hotspur).     Christian Benteke (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the attacking half.   Substitution     Substitution, Tottenham Hotspur. Mousa Dembélé replaces Lewis Holtby.   Substitution     Substitution, Aston Villa. Yacouba Sylla replaces Karim El Ahmadi.     Attempt saved. Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Andros Townsend with a cross.     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Nathan Baker.   Goal!     Goal!  Aston Villa 0, Tottenham Hotspur 2. Roberto Soldado (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Paulinho.     Attempt saved. Christian Benteke (Aston Villa) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Fabian Delph with a cross.     Foul by Aaron Lennon (Tottenham Hotspur).     Ron Vlaar (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Tottenham Hotspur. Aaron Lennon replaces Gylfi Sigurdsson.     Attempt missed. Christian Benteke (Aston Villa) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Ashley Westwood with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Aston Villa. Conceded by Gylfi Sigurdsson.     Attempt missed. Christian Benteke (Aston Villa) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Leandro Bacuna with a cross.   Substitution     Substitution, Aston Villa. Christian Benteke replaces Libor Kozák.     Attempt missed. Lewis Holtby (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left following a corner.     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Ron Vlaar.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur) because of an injury.   Booking     Gabriel Agbonlahor (Aston Villa) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Gabriel Agbonlahor (Aston Villa).     Attempt missed. Karim El Ahmadi (Aston Villa) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left following a set piece situation.   Booking     Michael Dawson (Tottenham Hotspur) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Michael Dawson (Tottenham Hotspur).     Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Jan Vertonghen (Tottenham Hotspur).     Libor Kozák (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Vlad Chiriches (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Libor Kozák (Aston Villa).     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Brad Guzan.     Attempt saved. Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Roberto Soldado.     Attempt missed. Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left.     Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fabian Delph (Aston Villa).       Second Half begins Aston Villa 0, Tottenham Hotspur 1.     Half Time    First Half ends, Aston Villa 0, Tottenham Hotspur 1.     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Brad Guzan.     Attempt saved. Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Foul by Lewis Holtby (Tottenham Hotspur).     Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Attempt blocked. Karim El Ahmadi (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Corner,  Aston Villa. Conceded by Andros Townsend.     Offside, Aston Villa. Leandro Bacuna tries a through ball, but Libor Kozák is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Ashley Westwood.     Corner,  Aston Villa. Conceded by Michael Dawson.     Attempt missed. Leandro Bacuna (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left from a direct free kick.   Booking     Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur).     Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt missed. Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Gabriel Agbonlahor.     Attempt missed. Gylfi Sigurdsson (Tottenham Hotspur) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Jan Vertonghen with a cross.     Attempt blocked. Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roberto Soldado.     Attempt missed. Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match  (Tottenham Hotspur).   Goal!     Goal!  Aston Villa 0, Tottenham Hotspur 1. Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from long range on the right to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Roberto Soldado.     Gylfi Sigurdsson (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Karim El Ahmadi (Aston Villa).     Attempt missed. Andreas Weimann (Aston Villa) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Libor Kozák.     Sandro (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Fabian Delph (Aston Villa).     Corner,  Aston Villa. Conceded by Sandro.     Foul by Lewis Holtby (Tottenham Hotspur).     Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur).     Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Hand ball by Karim El Ahmadi (Aston Villa).     Attempt saved. Sandro (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gylfi Sigurdsson.     Jan Vertonghen (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Karim El Ahmadi (Aston Villa).     Foul by Sandro (Tottenham Hotspur).     Gabriel Agbonlahor (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Antonio Luna.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Lewis Holtby (Tottenham Hotspur) because of an injury.   Booking     Ashley Westwood (Aston Villa) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Lewis Holtby (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Ashley Westwood (Aston Villa).     Foul by Vlad Chiriches (Tottenham Hotspur).     Gabriel Agbonlahor (Aston Villa) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Corner,  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Antonio Luna.     Foul by Nathan Baker (Aston Villa).     Michael Dawson (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Fabian Delph (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Paulinho (Tottenham Hotspur).     Attempt missed. Gabriel Agbonlahor (Aston Villa) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high.     Offside, Tottenham Hotspur. Sandro tries a through ball, but Roberto Soldado is caught offside.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers