    Manchester United forward Robin van Persie should be fit to face Stoke after missing the Champions League win over Real Sociedad to help clear up toe and groin problems.
    Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic could return but Danny Welbeck and Tom Cleverley are unlikely to figure.
    Stoke defenders Ryan Shawcross and Geoff Cameron hope to be available.
    Shawcross has not trained all week due to illness, while Cameron missed out last weekend because of a calf injury.
    It might not have been a 
    
'Mark Robins moment',  

     but Inigo Martinez's own goal that won the game for Manchester United on Wednesday was certainly hugely important for manager David Moyes.
    After another stutter against Southampton last weekend, Moyes just needed a win - ANY win, and in a way the more low-key the better. I get the feeling he'll be quite content with all the talk about 
    
'the book', 

     enabling him to get on with the here and now. 
    Sir Alex Ferguson was always the master at deflecting attention and setting a different agenda when difficult questions were being asked, and perhaps he's still at it on United's behalf? 
    "Teams are now going to Old Trafford and thinking they have got a chance of winning. Teams used to go to Old Trafford and think they had a chance of winning a corner, but that feeling that United are invincible is not there at the moment.
    "The good news for United is that they are playing Stoke, who cannot buy a goal right now."
    Amidst the chatter about the past, about Keane, Beckham and flying pizzas, United played and won a Champions League game.
    Wayne Rooney shone against Real Sociedad, and his statement afterwards about having "a new lease of life" under Moyes was something else to make the manager smile. Rooney's past history with his first mentor was meant to be a problem but it's working out as quite the opposite. 
    Now comes another nod to days gone by, with one of Rooney's predecessor's as a United number 10 returning to Old Trafford. Stoke boss Mark Hughes says his old club are "a little bit vulnerable at the moment" and has pledged to be "positive and have a go".
    That's easier said than done of course. No Potters player has scored more than one league goal this season, and with only four scored in total it's clear that Hughes has yet to solve what's been a problem throughout Stoke's Premier League years.
    Getting anything away to Manchester United has been difficult for even longer, with Stoke beaten in every one of their last 10 visits and winless since 1976. 
    Given all that, United surely won't go a third home league game without a win, will they? No book has the answer to that. 
     Head-to-head

     Manchester United

     Stoke

