    Cristiano Ronaldo's injury-time penalty sealed a 2-0 home win for Real Madrid against Malaga and maintained the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona.
    The Portugal forward converted after substitute Gareth Bale, making his return from a thigh injury, was brought down by Malaga defender Weligton.
    Argentina winger Angel Di Maria had put Real ahead just seconds into the second-half at the Bernabeu.
    His cross was intended for Ronaldo but flew over away keeper Willy Caballero.
    Bale, 
    
a £85.3m summer recruit from Tottenham, 

     returned to action after missing Wales's final World Cup qualifier in Belgium on Tuesday.
    The 24-year-old was introduced in the 76th-minute for only his fourth Real appearance since the record-breaking move in September.
    Third-placed Real are two points behind Barcelona and Atletico Madrid ahead of their matches against Osasuna and Espanyol later on Saturday.
    Carlo Ancelotti's team, who 
    
suffered their only defeat against city rivals Atletico, 

     travel to Barcelona next Saturday for the first El Clasico of the new season.
    Full Time   Match ends, Real Madrid 2, Málaga 0.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Real Madrid 2, Málaga 0.     Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).     Weligton (Málaga) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Goal!     Goal!  Real Madrid 2, Málaga 0. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.     Penalty Real Madrid. Gareth Bale draws a foul in the penalty area.     Penalty conceded by Weligton (Málaga) after a foul in the penalty area.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Willy Caballero.     Attempt saved. Marcelo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcelo.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Willy Caballero.     Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Sami Khedira with a cross.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Willy Caballero.     Attempt saved. Jesé (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Luka Modric.     Offside, Real Madrid. Jesé tries a through ball, but Cristiano Ronaldo is caught offside.     Hand ball by Eliseu (Málaga).     Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jesé.   Booking     Weligton (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Weligton (Málaga).   Substitution     Substitution, Real Madrid. Jesé replaces Ángel Di María.     Offside, Real Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo tries a through ball, but Sami Khedira is caught offside.   Booking     Sergio Sánchez (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Ángel Di María (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Sergio Sánchez (Málaga).     Foul by Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid).     Jesús Gámez (Málaga) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Bobley Anderson (Málaga) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Sergi Darder.   Substitution     Substitution, Málaga. Sergi Darder replaces Vitorino Antunes.   Substitution     Substitution, Málaga. Roque Santa Cruz replaces Francisco Portillo.   Substitution     Substitution, Real Madrid. Gareth Bale replaces Álvaro Morata.     Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.   Substitution     Substitution, Real Madrid. Luka Modric replaces Isco.     Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Weligton (Málaga).   Substitution     Substitution, Málaga. Bobley Anderson replaces Samuel.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Weligton.     Attempt missed. Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Isco with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Willy Caballero.     Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Cristiano Ronaldo is caught offside.     Foul by Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid).     Samuel (Málaga) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Marcelo (Real Madrid).     Jesús Gámez (Málaga) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Málaga. Conceded by Pepe.     Foul by Asier Illarramendi (Real Madrid).     Samuel (Málaga) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Offside, Real Madrid. Daniel Carvajal tries a through ball, but Álvaro Morata is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcelo.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Fernando Tissone.     Attempt blocked. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Sami Khedira.     Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Marcelo.     Attempt saved. Isco (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ángel Di María.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Jesús Gámez.   Booking     Eliseu (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for hand ball.     Hand ball by Eliseu (Málaga).     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Sergio Sánchez (Málaga) because of an injury.   Goal!     Goal!  Real Madrid 1, Málaga 0. Ángel Di María (Real Madrid) left footed shot from long range on the right to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Pepe.       Second Half begins Real Madrid 0, Málaga 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Real Madrid 0, Málaga 0.     Attempt blocked. Marcelo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Francisco Portillo (Málaga).     Attempt missed. Eliseu (Málaga) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Mounir El Hamdaoui.     Offside, Real Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo tries a through ball, but Álvaro Morata is caught offside.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Vitorino Antunes.     Offside, Real Madrid. Daniel Carvajal tries a through ball, but Isco is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Marcelo with a cross.     Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Daniel Carvajal.     Offside, Real Madrid. Isco tries a through ball, but Cristiano Ronaldo is caught offside.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Vitorino Antunes.     Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fernando Tissone (Málaga).     Attempt saved. Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Isco.     Offside, Real Madrid. Daniel Carvajal tries a through ball, but Álvaro Morata is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Isco with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Weligton.     Attempt saved. Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ángel Di María with a cross.     Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Ángel Di María following a fast break.     Attempt missed. Ángel Di María (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Sergio Ramos.     Attempt saved. Ángel Di María (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.   Booking     Vitorino Antunes (Málaga) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Sami Khedira (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Vitorino Antunes (Málaga).     Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Cristiano Ronaldo is caught offside.     Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Weligton (Málaga).     Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the left side of the box. Assisted by Álvaro Morata.     Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Eliseu (Málaga).     Offside, Real Madrid. Ángel Di María tries a through ball, but Sergio Ramos is caught offside.     Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Vitorino Antunes (Málaga).     Attempt saved. Jesús Gámez (Málaga) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Samuel.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers