Norwich boss Chris Hughton sees plenty of reasons for optimism despite his side's early season Premier League struggles.The Canaries go into Saturday's home clash with Cardiff in the bottom three and looking to bounce back from a seemingly heavy 4-1 defeat at the hands of leaders Arsenal last weekend.But Norwich only succumbed in the closing stages of that match at the Emirates and dropped two points against Chelsea in similar circumstances when they pushed for victory with the game level in the second half.Hughton now hopes they can turn those positive spells into a 90-minute performance and put some more points on the board."One of the plusses is that we are in good form at the moment. We have been beaten in the last two games by top teams who will both be pushing for the league title, but we have played well in spells," Hughton said. 


SUPER 6 £1M JACKPOT

Predict the correct scores for our six selected matches to win the £1million jackpot. If no-one predicts all six scores correctly then our £10,000 guaranteed prize will go to the person with the highest score of the round. Click here to play. 



Predict the correct scores for our six selected matches to win the £1million jackpot. If no-one predicts all six scores correctly then our £10,000 guaranteed prize will go to the person with the highest score of the round. Click here to play."We felt we should have got something more from particularly the Chelsea match, so if you keep that belief and keep playing in that vein results will turn."If I look at our position this time last season, we are a point better off. We then went on a good run that carried us up the table and that is the game."When you are playing with confidence you have to try and get results. You see Fulham winning a couple of days ago and it lifts them a few places up the table."We have got a really good group. We haven't felt the need to change anything in respect of what we are doing in training."They have an excellent work ethic and they are focused on turning things around. We are confident about what we do and we will go into Saturday's game looking to win."What will be the outcome in the match Norwich vs Cardiff?