Everton midfielder Leon Osman hopes he will be given every opportunity to add to his two outings for England.The 32-year-old appreciates that he faces stiff competition for places, with the Three Lions well-stocked when it comes to combative and creative talent in the middle of the park.Osman has, however, had his talent recognised by Roy Hodgson in the recent past - earning his first senior international caps in a friendly date with Sweden and a World Cup qualifying clash with San Marino.He is bullish regarding his chances of earning a recall in the countdown to Brazil 2014, with there a desire on his part to avoid becoming just another England statistic.




"I wouldn't say I'd be satisfied with the two caps. You want to get as many as you can."

Leon Osman



"I wouldn't say I'd be satisfied with the two caps. You want to get as many as you can."Leon OsmanOsman said after stepping off the bench to inspire Everton to a 2-0 victory over Aston Villa on Saturday: "I wouldn't say I'd be satisfied with the two caps. You want to get as many as you can."I'm still playing in the Premier League and there's a big competition coming in the summer."And if there's a chance for you to go, then you are going to try and take it."I'm English, I'm still wanting to play in the team and if the call came I'd be delighted. But I'm not going to get too carried away with things that aren't taking place on the pitch."Another Everton midfielder hoping to catch Hodgson's eye is Gareth Barry, and Toffees boss Roberto Martinez sees no reason why his loan star cannot force his way back into the fold.He said: "I wouldn't say he has got anything to prove to England. He's won the league, the FA Cup and played a big part with England."He's still got a lot to offer. I don't see why he shouldn't play an important part for any team."Roy Hodgson has been very good with Ross Barkley, very good with Phil Jagielka and Leighton Baines. I'm sure he knows Gareth Barry can give him something different. He is an experienced international."