    Arsene Wenger will face the same questions until the day he can hold up a trophy in front of his inquisitors and remove the 2005 FA Cup triumph as the last entry in his and Arsenal's list of honours.
    Wenger knows there are still doubts about his team's resilience and staying power - but he can deliver the answers with increasing confidence after a 
    
2-0 win against Liverpool 

     at Emirates Stadium on Saturday that left Arsenal five points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Wenger buoyed by 'convincing' display    After a victory that not only dented Liverpool's impressive start to the season, but also eased any worries after respective home defeats in the Champions League and Capital One Cup by Borussia Dortmund and Chelsea, what were the key points Wenger had to make?
     "It was vital to win because had we not won people would say Arsenal cannot win the big games at home." 

    Wenger knows what Arsenal's detractors say about his players - and he has always been a passionate advocate of not only his team's natural gifts, but also their inner strength and belief, even when the evidence suggests the contrary.
    And his statement after this fine win, when many were suggesting Liverpool were in the sort of form to provide a tipping point after those losses to Dortmund and Chelsea, suggests he knew what the reaction would be had Arsenal not taken the three points.
    Knives would not have been out but there would have been knowing glances, suggestions that the excellent form after that opening day defeat to Aston Villa was merely a false dawn before the fade.
    Instead, led by inspirational captain Mikel Arteta, Arsenal delivered a display that supported Wenger's insistence that they would bounce back after the Chelsea loss - while perhaps putting Liverpool's own ambitions this season into some perspective.
    Arsenal were never going to shackle a striker of Luis Suarez's ability completely, but Wenger was right to suggest his defence did a fine job on the Uruguayan and his previously prolific partner Daniel Sturridge.
    Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny did everything that was asked of them. Another test awaits next weekend when they face Manchester United's Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford but they can draw belief from this.
    In midfield there was much creation to admire from Mesut Ozil but the goals came from Santi Cazorla and Aaron Ramsey, showing that an end product can come from elsewhere even when Olivier Giroud, whose touch has been so sure this season, does not hit the target.
     "Five points clear is positive and nice but it is very early in the season."

    It may be something of a distant memory but Wenger will well remember what it takes to win a Premier League - and how not too many conclusions can be drawn early in the season.
    There can no question, however, that Arsenal's mood - and that of their supporters - will have been lifted greatly by events on Saturday.
Table correct as of 07:00 GMT Sunday 3 November