    Mesut Ozil scored twice as a late burst sealed Arsenal's victory over Norwich and extended their lead at the top of the Premier League.
    The Gunners looked lethargic after the international break before Jack Wilshere's superb volleyed opener and Ozil's headed goal.
    Jonny Howson found the bottom corner with 20 minutes left to fray nerves.
    But Aaron Ramsey scored a lovely ninth goal of the season to make it 3-1 before Ozil grabbed an easy second.
    Although Norwich threatened on several occasions, the visitors were caught out by three moments of class as Arsenal warmed up for their Champions League clash with Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday with a clinical win.
    Wilshere's first-half strike was the pick of the goals, but Ozil's first and Ramsey's waltzing run to continue his fine form, lit up the Emirates as the Gunners extended their unbeaten run to 12 games.
    Defeat meant Chris Hughton's Norwich side have lost four of their last five league games and remain in the bottom three.
    This time last season, the 
    
Canaries beat the Gunners 1-0 at Carrow Road, 

     but there is a new confidence to Arsenal this season.
    Ozil scored his second and third Arsenal goals since joining the club on transfer deadline day for a club record £42.4m from Real Madrid. And such is the depth of the squad that Ramsey was replaced in the starting XI by the returning Santi Cazorla. 
    The Spaniard was never far from the heart of the Gunners' best moments. He had an early shot saved and was involved in a spell-binding opening goal.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Ozil lifts whole club - Wenger     Wilshere was the architect, collecting the ball deep in his own half before feeding Cazorla on the left and receiving it back near the edge of the area. 
    There followed a delightful exchange where Wilshere and Olivier Giroud combined with three superb flicks before Wilshere volleyed in from close range after 18 minutes. 
    Norwich, who have not won in north London since the opening day of the 1992 Premier League season, looked likely to extend this run. But the flow of the game changed with Mathieu Flamini's departure. Earlier the French midfielder clashed heads with Alexander Tettey and the hosts missed his discipline in front of the back four.
    Norwich continued to press in the second half with Martin shooting wide when well-placed following a free-kick and Robert Snodgrass had a shot saved.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.Hughton praises Arsenal 'quality'    However, Ozil then put his stamp on the game with another display of undoubted class.
    Again it came from a break near the Arsenal penalty area. Cazorla fed Giroud on the left and Ozil carefully guided the resulting cross past the helpless Ruddy after 58 minutes.
    That signalled a collective sigh of relief around the Emirates but 12 minutes Howson fired into the bottom corner after Per Mertesacker failed to adequately clear Martin Olsson's low cross. 
    The game was in the balance but as Norwich threw more men forward, two goals in five minutes sealed the victory. 
    Ramsey danced around the Norwich defence to fire in and then Ozil grabbed a close-range second after being set up by the unselfish Welshman.
     Norwich manager Chris Hughton: 

    "We were well in the game and at half-time we felt that if we had good periods like we did in first half, we could get something from the game. But they have wonderful players who, when they have half-chances, can turn them into goals." 
    Full Time   Match ends, Arsenal 4, Norwich City 1.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Arsenal 4, Norwich City 1.     Attempt missed. Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Mesut Özil.     Attempt saved. Jonathan Howson (Norwich City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.     Foul by Mikel Arteta (Arsenal).     Wes Hoolahan (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Offside, Arsenal. Jack Wilshere tries a through ball, but Nicklas Bendtner is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Wes Hoolahan (Norwich City) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Robert Snodgrass.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Michael Turner.   Goal!     Goal!  Arsenal 4, Norwich City 1. Mesut Özil (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Aaron Ramsey.     Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) hits the left post with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Mikel Arteta with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Sébastien Bassong.   Goal!     Goal!  Arsenal 3, Norwich City 1. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jack Wilshere.     Attempt saved. Nicklas Bendtner (Arsenal) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Aaron Ramsey.     Foul by Tomas Rosicky (Arsenal).     Wes Hoolahan (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt saved. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Tomas Rosicky.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Nathan Redmond.   Substitution     Substitution, Norwich City. Wes Hoolahan replaces Alexander Tettey.   Substitution     Substitution, Arsenal. Nicklas Bendtner replaces Olivier Giroud.     Attempt saved. Mesut Özil (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Aaron Ramsey.     Bacary Sagna (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Leroy Fer (Norwich City).     Attempt saved. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Mesut Özil.     Attempt missed. Nathan Redmond (Norwich City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Robert Snodgrass.   Substitution     Substitution, Norwich City. Nathan Redmond replaces Anthony Pilkington.   Goal!     Goal!  Arsenal 2, Norwich City 1. Jonathan Howson (Norwich City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner.     Mikel Arteta (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Anthony Pilkington (Norwich City).     Attempt missed. Anthony Pilkington (Norwich City) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Jonathan Howson.   Substitution     Substitution, Arsenal. Tomas Rosicky replaces Santiago Cazorla.   Goal!     Goal!  Arsenal 2, Norwich City 0. Mesut Özil (Arsenal) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Olivier Giroud with a cross following a fast break.     Attempt saved. Martin Olsson (Norwich City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Alexander Tettey.     Attempt saved. Robert Snodgrass (Norwich City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.     Offside, Norwich City. Jonathan Howson tries a through ball, but Russell Martin is caught offside.     Foul by Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal).     Martin Olsson (Norwich City) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Jonathan Howson (Norwich City).     Attempt missed. Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Bacary Sagna with a cross.     Attempt blocked. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Jack Wilshere.     Attempt missed. Russell Martin (Norwich City) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Michael Turner with a headed pass following a set piece situation.     Foul by Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal).     Leroy Fer (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt missed. Mikel Arteta (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high following a corner.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Alexander Tettey.     Attempt blocked. Mikel Arteta (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.       Second Half begins Arsenal 1, Norwich City 0.     Half Time    First Half ends, Arsenal 1, Norwich City 0.     Offside, Norwich City. Martin Olsson tries a through ball, but Gary Hooper is caught offside.     Foul by Jack Wilshere (Arsenal).     Robert Snodgrass (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt blocked. Robert Snodgrass (Norwich City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Anthony Pilkington with a cross.     Corner,  Norwich City. Conceded by Wojciech Szczesny.     Attempt saved. Leroy Fer (Norwich City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jonathan Howson.     Attempt saved. Robert Snodgrass (Norwich City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Leroy Fer.     Attempt saved. Bacary Sagna (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal).     John Ruddy (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Arsenal. Aaron Ramsey replaces Mathieu Flamini because of an injury.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by John Ruddy.     Attempt saved. Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Kieran Gibbs.     Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Anthony Pilkington (Norwich City).     Foul by Mesut Özil (Arsenal).     Martin Olsson (Norwich City) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Mathieu Flamini (Arsenal) because of an injury.     Delay in match Alexander Tettey (Norwich City) because of an injury.     Foul by Mathieu Flamini (Arsenal).     Alexander Tettey (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Sébastien Bassong.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Anthony Pilkington.     Attempt missed. Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Bacary Sagna.     Attempt blocked. Jonathan Howson (Norwich City) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Alexander Tettey.   Goal!     Goal!  Arsenal 1, Norwich City 0. Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Olivier Giroud with a through ball.     Attempt blocked. Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Kieran Gibbs.     Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Sébastien Bassong (Norwich City).     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Alexander Tettey.     Bacary Sagna (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Anthony Pilkington (Norwich City).     Attempt missed. Bacary Sagna (Arsenal) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Mesut Özil with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Anthony Pilkington.     Attempt saved. Santiago Cazorla (Arsenal) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jack Wilshere.     Corner,  Arsenal. Conceded by Sébastien Bassong.     Mesut Özil (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Alexander Tettey (Norwich City).       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers