    Giuseppe Rossi scored a hat-trick as Fiorentina shocked defending Serie A champions Juventus with a stunning second-half comeback in Florence.
    Juventus led 2-0 at the break through Carlos Tevez's penalty and a close-range volley from Paul Pogba.
    But Rossi began a devastating 14-minute spell with a precise penalty and then blasted a second past Gianluigi Buffon.
    Juventus lost a two-goal lead in a Serie A game for the first time since October 2009, when they lost 3-2 against Napoli.
    Unmarked substitute Joaquin hammered in a third before Rossi's first-time strike sealed a remarkable win.
    It was Fiorentina's first league success against Juve at Stadio Artemio Franchi in 15 years.
    Italy international Rossi has now netted eight goals in eight games, moving him to the top of the Serie A goalscoring charts, as the home side maintained their solid start to the season.
    The defeat leaves third-placed Juventus, who were previously unbeaten, five points adrift of leaders Roma after eight matches.
    Full Time   Match ends, Fiorentina 4, Juventus 2.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Fiorentina 4, Juventus 2.     Offside, Juventus. Andrea Barzagli tries a through ball, but Carlos Tévez is caught offside.     Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Facundo Roncaglia.     Attempt blocked. Carlos Tévez (Juventus) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Andrea Barzagli.     Foul by Borja Valero (Fiorentina).     Paul Pogba (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt saved. Ryder Matos (Fiorentina) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the bottom right corner.     Attempt missed. Fernando Llorente (Juventus) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Sebastian Giovinco.     Foul by Ryder Matos (Fiorentina).     Marco Motta (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Booking     Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Ryder Matos (Fiorentina) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus).   Booking     Marco Motta (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Marco Motta (Juventus).   Substitution     Substitution, Fiorentina. Ryder Matos replaces Giuseppe Rossi.     Corner,  Fiorentina. Conceded by Leonardo Bonucci.   Substitution     Substitution, Juventus. Marco Motta replaces Simone Padoin.     Stefan Savic (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Sebastian Giovinco (Juventus).   Goal!     Goal!  Fiorentina 4, Juventus 2. Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Juan Guillermo Cuadrado with a through ball following a fast break.     Attempt blocked. Carlos Tévez (Juventus) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Paul Pogba.   Substitution     Substitution, Juventus. Sebastian Giovinco replaces Kwadwo Asamoah.   Goal!     Goal!  Fiorentina 3, Juventus 2. Joaquín (Fiorentina) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Borja Valero.   Substitution     Substitution, Juventus. Arturo Vidal replaces Claudio Marchisio.   Goal!     Goal!  Fiorentina 2, Juventus 2. Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Matías Fernández.     Attempt missed. Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Andrea Pirlo with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Gonzalo Rodríguez.     Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Stefan Savic.     Attempt blocked. Andrea Pirlo (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Foul by Gonzalo Rodríguez (Fiorentina).     Carlos Tévez (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     David Pizarro (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).   Booking     Andrea Pirlo (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Andrea Pirlo (Juventus).     Corner,  Fiorentina. Conceded by Andrea Barzagli.     Attempt blocked. David Pizarro (Fiorentina) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.   Goal!     Goal!  Fiorentina 1, Juventus 2. Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner.   Booking     Kwadwo Asamoah (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Penalty Fiorentina. Matías Fernández draws a foul in the penalty area.     Penalty conceded by Kwadwo Asamoah (Juventus) after a foul in the penalty area.     Attempt missed. Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Joaquín.     Facundo Roncaglia (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).     Attempt saved. Kwadwo Asamoah (Juventus) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.     Attempt saved. Matías Fernández (Fiorentina) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Paul Pogba (Juventus).     Stefan Savic (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus).     Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Neto.     Attempt saved. Andrea Pirlo (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.   Booking     Stefan Savic (Fiorentina) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Stefan Savic (Fiorentina).     Paul Pogba (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.   Substitution     Substitution, Fiorentina. Joaquín replaces Alberto Aquilani.     Offside, Fiorentina. David Pizarro tries a through ball, but Borja Valero is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) header from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andrea Pirlo with a cross.     Foul by Gonzalo Rodríguez (Fiorentina).     Fernando Llorente (Juventus) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Attempt saved. Claudio Marchisio (Juventus) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Fernando Llorente.     Attempt missed. Borja Valero (Fiorentina) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by David Pizarro.     Attempt blocked. Claudio Marchisio (Juventus) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Kwadwo Asamoah.     Borja Valero (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Andrea Barzagli (Juventus).     Facundo Roncaglia (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).     Attempt missed. Kwadwo Asamoah (Juventus) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Carlos Tévez.       Second Half begins Fiorentina 0, Juventus 2.     Half Time    First Half ends, Fiorentina 0, Juventus 2.     Stefan Savic (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).     Attempt missed. Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Alberto Aquilani.     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Claudio Marchisio (Juventus).     Borja Valero (Fiorentina) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Paul Pogba (Juventus).   Goal!     Goal!  Fiorentina 0, Juventus 2. Paul Pogba (Juventus) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal.     Foul by Alberto Aquilani (Fiorentina).     Andrea Pirlo (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt blocked. Carlos Tévez (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Fernando Llorente.   Goal!     Goal!  Fiorentina 0, Juventus 1. Carlos Tévez (Juventus) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal.   Booking     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) is shown the yellow card.     Penalty conceded by Gonzalo Rodríguez (Fiorentina) after a foul in the penalty area.     Penalty Juventus. Carlos Tévez draws a foul in the penalty area.     Attempt blocked. Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     David Pizarro (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Dangerous play by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Kwadwo Asamoah (Juventus).     Borja Valero (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus).     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina).     Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick.     Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Neto.     Attempt saved. Claudio Marchisio (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Kwadwo Asamoah.     Attempt saved. Facundo Roncaglia (Fiorentina) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Juan Guillermo Cuadrado.     Attempt missed. Carlos Tévez (Juventus) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Paul Pogba with a cross.     Foul by Gonzalo Rodríguez (Fiorentina).     Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Fiorentina. Matías Fernández replaces Massimo Ambrosini because of an injury.     Corner,  Fiorentina. Conceded by Gianluigi Buffon.     Corner,  Fiorentina. Conceded by Giorgio Chiellini.   Booking     Andrea Barzagli (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Andrea Barzagli (Juventus).     Attempt missed. Facundo Roncaglia (Fiorentina) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by David Pizarro.     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Claudio Marchisio (Juventus).     Attempt saved. Carlos Tévez (Juventus) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andrea Barzagli.     Offside, Fiorentina. Juan Guillermo Cuadrado tries a through ball, but Alberto Aquilani is caught offside.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.   Booking     Alberto Aquilani (Fiorentina) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Delay in match Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) because of an injury.     Foul by Alberto Aquilani (Fiorentina).     Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt blocked. Andrea Pirlo (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Foul by Gonzalo Rodríguez (Fiorentina).     Fernando Llorente (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.   Booking     Carlos Tévez (Juventus) is shown the yellow card.     Facundo Roncaglia (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Carlos Tévez (Juventus).     Juan Guillermo Cuadrado (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Kwadwo Asamoah (Juventus).     Massimo Ambrosini (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).     David Pizarro (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Fernando Llorente (Juventus).     Borja Valero (Fiorentina) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Andrea Pirlo (Juventus).     Delay over. They are ready to continue.     Delay in match Giuseppe Rossi (Fiorentina) because of an injury.     Borja Valero (Fiorentina) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Paul Pogba (Juventus).       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers