    Monaco missed the chance to return to the top of the Ligue 1 table after surrendering a two-goal lead at struggling Sochaux.
    Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco opened the scoring from close range, then punished a weak back pass from Sochaux's Carlao.
    Sochaux - in head coach Herve Renard's first game in charge - rallied after the break and gave themselves hope when Cedric Bakambu headed in a corner.
    The equaliser came when Joseph Lopy nodded in a poor Monaco clearance.
    The result keeps Paris St-Germain in top spot, following their 
    
4-0 thrashing of Bastia on Saturday which featured doubles for strikers Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani.
    Sochaux climb off the foot of the table, a point ahead of Valenciennes.
    Full Time   Match ends, Sochaux 2, Monaco 2.     Full Time   Second Half ends, Sochaux 2, Monaco 2.   Substitution     Substitution, Sochaux. Loïc Poujol replaces Rafael Dias.   Booking     Falcao (Monaco) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Carlao (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Delay over. They are ready to continue.   Booking     Geoffrey Kondogbia (Monaco) is shown the yellow card.     Delay in match Rafael Dias (Sochaux) because of an injury.     Foul by Borja López (Monaco).     Rafael Dias (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Carlao (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Falcao (Monaco) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Mathieu Peybernes (Sochaux).     Hand ball by Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco).     Corner,  Monaco. Conceded by Julien Faussurier.     Borja López (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Abdoul Camara (Sochaux).     Foul by Borja López (Monaco).     Rafael Dias (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Booking     Sébastien Roudet (Sochaux) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     Fabinho (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Sébastien Roudet (Sochaux).   Booking     Joseph Lopy (Sochaux) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.     James Rodríguez (Monaco) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Joseph Lopy (Sochaux).     Attempt missed. Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Lucas Ocampos with a cross.     Lucas Ocampos (Monaco) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Julien Faussurier (Sochaux).   Substitution     Substitution, Sochaux. Sanjin Prcic replaces Vincent Nogueira.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Joseph Lopy (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Monaco. Borja López replaces Marcel Tisserand.   Goal!     Goal!  Sochaux 2, Monaco 2. Joseph Lopy (Sochaux) header from very close range to the bottom left corner following a corner.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Marcel Tisserand.     Foul by Marcel Tisserand (Monaco).     Abdoul Camara (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Monaco. Lucas Ocampos replaces João Moutinho.     Hand ball by Carlao (Sochaux).   Substitution     Substitution, Sochaux. Abdoul Camara replaces Emmanuel Mayuka because of an injury.     Corner,  Monaco. Conceded by Petrus Boumal.     Attempt saved. Emmanuel Mayuka (Sochaux) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Julien Faussurier with a cross.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Joseph Lopy (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   Substitution     Substitution, Monaco. Geoffrey Kondogbia replaces Jérémy Toulalan.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Danijel Subasic.     Attempt saved. Rafael Dias (Sochaux) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.     Foul by Fabinho (Monaco).     Sébastien Roudet (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Mounir Obbadi (Monaco).     Vincent Nogueira (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the attacking half.   Goal!     Goal!  Sochaux 1, Monaco 2. Cédric Bakambu (Sochaux) header from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Rafael Dias with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Jérémy Toulalan.     Attempt blocked. Emmanuel Mayuka (Sochaux) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Vincent Nogueira.     Attempt missed. Rafael Dias (Sochaux) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Emmanuel Mayuka.     Attempt blocked. Mathieu Peybernes (Sochaux) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by João Moutinho.     Attempt blocked. Rafael Dias (Sochaux) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.     Foul by Ricardo Carvalho (Monaco).     Emmanuel Mayuka (Sochaux) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Ricardo Carvalho.     Cédric Bakambu (Sochaux) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Julien Faussurier with a headed pass.     Attempt missed. Falcao (Monaco) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by João Moutinho with a cross following a corner.     Corner,  Monaco. Conceded by Simon Pouplin.     Attempt saved. James Rodríguez (Monaco) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Mounir Obbadi with a cross.     Foul by Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco).     Cédric Bakambu (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Sochaux. Simon Pouplin tries a through ball, but Emmanuel Mayuka is caught offside.     Attempt missed. Julien Faussurier (Sochaux) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a corner.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Marcel Tisserand.       Second Half begins Sochaux 0, Monaco 2.     Half Time    First Half ends, Sochaux 0, Monaco 2.     Attempt saved. Sébastien Roudet (Sochaux) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Emmanuel Mayuka.     Attempt missed. Falcao (Monaco) with an attempt from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by James Rodríguez with a cross following a set piece situation.     Hand ball by Rafael Dias (Sochaux).     João Moutinho (Monaco) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Julien Faussurier (Sochaux).     Attempt missed. Sébastien Roudet (Sochaux) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Rafael Dias.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Mathieu Peybernes (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Andrea Raggi.     Attempt blocked. Emmanuel Mayuka (Sochaux) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is blocked.     Falcao (Monaco) wins a free kick on the left wing.     Foul by Mathieu Peybernes (Sochaux).     Attempt saved. Falcao (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Mounir Obbadi.     Attempt missed. Cédric Bakambu (Sochaux) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Vincent Nogueira.     Attempt saved. Falcao (Monaco) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by James Rodríguez with a cross.     Falcao (Monaco) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Foul by Mathieu Peybernes (Sochaux).     Marcel Tisserand (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Cédric Bakambu (Sochaux).     Attempt missed. Falcao (Monaco) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco with a cross.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Mathieu Peybernes (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Sochaux. Rafael Dias tries a through ball, but Cédric Bakambu is caught offside.     Attempt saved. Rafael Dias (Sochaux) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Joseph Lopy.     Foul by Falcao (Monaco).     Carlao (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Attempt missed. Marcel Tisserand (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by James Rodríguez.     Attempt saved. Emmanuel Mayuka (Sochaux) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Cédric Bakambu.     Hand ball by Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco).     James Rodríguez (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Cédric Bakambu (Sochaux).     Attempt missed. James Rodríguez (Monaco) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by João Moutinho following a set piece situation.     James Rodríguez (Monaco) wins a free kick on the right wing.     Foul by Joseph Lopy (Sochaux).   Goal!     Goal!  Sochaux 0, Monaco 2. Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom right corner.     Marcel Tisserand (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Emmanuel Mayuka (Sochaux).     Foul by Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco).     Julien Faussurier (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Offside, Sochaux. Simon Pouplin tries a through ball, but Emmanuel Mayuka is caught offside.     Falcao (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Petrus Boumal (Sochaux).     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Ricardo Carvalho.   Goal!     Goal!  Sochaux 0, Monaco 1. Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by James Rodríguez.     Corner,  Sochaux. Conceded by Marcel Tisserand.     Fabinho (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.     Foul by Petrus Boumal (Sochaux).     Foul by João Moutinho (Monaco).     Rafael Dias (Sochaux) wins a free kick in the attacking half.     Attempt missed. Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco (Monaco) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by João Moutinho.       First Half begins.     Lineups are announced and players are warming up. Live data and text provided by our data suppliers