Neymar has told compatriot Marcelo that he is confident that he can help Barcelona beat Real Madrid on Saturday as he prepares for his first taste of Spain's Clasico encounter.The Blaugrana's Brazilian forward is excited about the highly-anticipated game at Camp Nou having followed the fixture from afar before moving to Catalunya in the summer.




v




Live Spanish Football
Barcelona vs R Madrid
October 26, 2013, 5:10pm

                        Sky Sports 2 HD                



Remote Record


Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports




October 26, 2013, 5:10pm"Yes, Marcelo and I have talked a little bit about the Clasico," Neymar told AS."We have a fantastic relationship, he is a good friend, but I told him that Barcelona are going to win."The Clasico is the most important game for any player and is the match every player wants to play in. It is the game where each player wants to play his best football."This will be my first Clasico and I hope to have a great debut, preferably with a victory."




"The Clasico is the most important game for any player and is the match every player wants to play in. It is the game where each player wants to play his best football."

Neymar



"The Clasico is the most important game for any player and is the match every player wants to play in. It is the game where each player wants to play his best football."NeymarNeymar has had plenty of experience of high-level derby encounters before moving to Spanish football and does not think he will feel differently beforehand."I think the anxiety is the same before any match," he continued. "I understand that we are talking about a very important Clasico. But I think that butterfly-in-the-stomach feeling is the same before any game."There are many derbies in Brazil. The one against Palmeiras was my first so-called Clasico and I played a good game. It was a semi-final and we won and I put in a good performance."Then, against Corinthians, in a final which we lost and against Sao Paulo, in a semi-final which we won and I had the joy of scoring three goals."