PHOENIX (AP) -- Phoenix Mercury interim coach Russ Pennell and President Amber Cox will not return to the organization.Pennell is leaving to pursue a return to college coaching and Cox has left to pursue other opportunities, the team said Friday.The Mercury have yet to name replacements.Pennell became the interim coach after Phoenix fired Corey Gaines in August. The Mercury went 9-4 after opening 10-11 and reached the Western Conference Finals, where they lost to Minnesota.Pennell was the interim coach at the University of Arizona in 2008-09 and spent four seasons at Grand Canyon University.Cox had been with the team since 2005, becoming chief operating officer in 2010 and president in 2011.Top-ranked titleholder Serena Williams will face former winner Petra Kvitova in her group at the WTA Championships, which start Tuesday in Istanbul.KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- It may rank as the craziest weekend in recent Southeastern Conference history.You might know Brent Burns as a San Jose Shark defenseman turned forward. Others may know him as the six-foot-five, homeless-looking dude walking around the streets of San Jose, unaware he’s a professional hockey player. Burns’ facial follicle frenzy has … Continue reading →Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon missed the first four games of this season due to a league suspension and faced missing Sunday’s game against the San Diego Chargers because of a hamstring injury. It appears Blackmon will be ready to … Continue reading →UFC heavyweight Cain Velasquez defended his belt with a brutal beatdown of rival and former champ Junior dos Santos on Saturday.The successes of the Boston Red Sox in this year's American League Championship Series could be most importantly seen in two places — late-inning homers that either put the Red Sox ahead or tied the game, and their stellar bullpen … Continue reading →New York Rangers goaltender Martin Biron announced his retirement Sunday, just days after being waived by the team.The Indianapolis Colts gave up on Trent Richardson earlier this season. It now appears the Dallas Cowboys are ready to throw in the towel on running back DeMarco Murray. Murray sustained a knee injury in Dallas’ previous game and is … Continue reading →Hawassa (Ethiopia) (AFP) - The sun had barely risen but the cool morning air was buzzing with excitement: 350 participants had gathered in Ethiopia, the land of runners, for the country's first international marathon organised by athletics legend Haile Gebrselassie.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Aston Villa 0 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2…Patrick Daugherty has all the latest updates on Week 7 while breaking down the week's top plays.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the La Liga matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Granada CF 0 Getafe 2 Almeria 0 Rayo Vallecano 1 Saturday, October 19Osasuna 0 Barcelona 0 Espanyol 1 Atletico Madrid 0 Real Madrid 2 Malaga 0 Valencia 1 Real Sociedad 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts…We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →Some 3,000 daredevils decked out in white outfits and red scarves dodged bulls at a Georgia horse park to get a taste of the running of the bulls, as made famous in Spain. Horse riders herded 18 bulls into a fenced course for the event, dubbed the Great Bull Run. Many stood alongside the fence as…INCHEON, South Korea (AP) — Amy Yang birdied the first playoff hole on Sunday to beat South Korean compatriot Hee Kyung Seo and win the KEB HanaBank Championship for her first career title.The Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers both moved into the Staples Center during the 1999-00 season, the only NBA teams to share an arena. Since then, the Lakers have hoisted five NBA championship banners to add to their 16 in … Continue reading →EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The New York Giants have a pretty good hunch what to expect from Minnesota with newcomer Josh Freeman taking over at quarterback for the struggling Vikings.Missouri took control of the SEC East and a new contender emerged in the SEC West.LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Anthony Davis, John Wall and Darius Miller aren't so far into their NBA careers that they've forgotten their college days as Kentucky standouts.VIENNA (AP) -- Tommy Haas won his 15th career title and second this season, defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 at the Erste Bank Open on Sunday.