ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A study released Wednesday by the University of Central Florida's Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sport shows that the WNBA continues to be the leader among professional sports leagues for racial and gender hiring practices.For the second straight year the WNBA posted the highest combined grade in the history of the group's annual Racial and Gender Report Cards, which conduct analysis of the racial breakdown of the players and management in the league office and at the team level. It also looks at team general managers, coaching staffs and other support personnel.The league received a combined A-plus grade for race and gender, tying its mark from 2012. This year the WNBA received at least an A for gender hiring in every category except for general managers and vice presidents. It received at least an A for race in all categories except for senior team administration and vice presidents.In 10 reports the group has done on the WNBA dating back to 2001, it has received at least A-grades for its overall race, gender and combined grades.Primary study author Richard Lapchick praised the league ''continues to set the standard ''among its professional sports peers, but noted that it is still without a high number of women in ownership positions. That number decreased by one down to nine in 2013, and most are limited partners.An African-American owned investment company, The Williams Group, holds a majority ownership interest in the Los Angeles Sparks. But there continued to be no individual people of color who were majority owners during the 2013 season.''Not that the men's leagues are great but the NBA, NFL and (Major League Baseball) all have a person of color who is a majority owner,'' Lapchick said.There were some increases in hiring for people of color in top management at the team level, however, accounting for three of the five people holding CEO or president positions this year.The number of African-American head coaches dropped from four to three in 2013, but of the league's 12 head coaches, five were women for the second consecutive year. The 67 percent of women holding assistant coaching positions this year was a WNBA record, surpassing the mark it set last year.''The large percentage of women as assistant coaches helps assure that the pipeline to head coaching spots in the WNBA will be strong,'' Lapchick said. ''As the most diverse pipeline in pro sport, other leagues could learn from the WNBA here also.''---On the web: http://www.tidesport.org/---Follow Kyle Hightower at http://www.twitter.com/khightowerTop-ranked titleholder Serena Williams will face former winner Petra Kvitova in her group at the WTA Championships, which start Tuesday in Istanbul.KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- It may rank as the craziest weekend in recent Southeastern Conference history.You might know Brent Burns as a San Jose Shark defenseman turned forward. Others may know him as the six-foot-five, homeless-looking dude walking around the streets of San Jose, unaware he’s a professional hockey player. Burns’ facial follicle frenzy has … Continue reading →Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon missed the first four games of this season due to a league suspension and faced missing Sunday’s game against the San Diego Chargers because of a hamstring injury. It appears Blackmon will be ready to … Continue reading →The successes of the Boston Red Sox in this year's American League Championship Series could be most importantly seen in two places — late-inning homers that either put the Red Sox ahead or tied the game, and their stellar bullpen … Continue reading →New York Rangers goaltender Martin Biron announced his retirement Sunday, just days after being waived by the team.The Indianapolis Colts gave up on Trent Richardson earlier this season. It now appears the Dallas Cowboys are ready to throw in the towel on running back DeMarco Murray. Murray sustained a knee injury in Dallas’ previous game and is … Continue reading →UFC heavyweight Cain Velasquez defended his belt with a brutal beatdown of rival and former champ Junior dos Santos on Saturday.Hawassa (Ethiopia) (AFP) - The sun had barely risen but the cool morning air was buzzing with excitement: 350 participants had gathered in Ethiopia, the land of runners, for the country's first international marathon organised by athletics legend Haile Gebrselassie.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Aston Villa 0 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2…Patrick Daugherty has all the latest updates on Week 7 while breaking down the week's top plays.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the La Liga matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Granada CF 0 Getafe 2 Almeria 0 Rayo Vallecano 1 Saturday, October 19Osasuna 0 Barcelona 0 Espanyol 1 Atletico Madrid 0 Real Madrid 2 Malaga 0 Valencia 1 Real Sociedad 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts…We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →Some 3,000 daredevils decked out in white outfits and red scarves dodged bulls at a Georgia horse park to get a taste of the running of the bulls, as made famous in Spain. Horse riders herded 18 bulls into a fenced course for the event, dubbed the Great Bull Run. Many stood alongside the fence as…INCHEON, South Korea (AP) — Amy Yang birdied the first playoff hole on Sunday to beat South Korean compatriot Hee Kyung Seo and win the KEB HanaBank Championship for her first career title.The Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers both moved into the Staples Center during the 1999-00 season, the only NBA teams to share an arena. Since then, the Lakers have hoisted five NBA championship banners to add to their 16 in … Continue reading →EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The New York Giants have a pretty good hunch what to expect from Minnesota with newcomer Josh Freeman taking over at quarterback for the struggling Vikings.Missouri took control of the SEC East and a new contender emerged in the SEC West.LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Anthony Davis, John Wall and Darius Miller aren't so far into their NBA careers that they've forgotten their college days as Kentucky standouts.VIENNA (AP) -- Tommy Haas won his 15th career title and second this season, defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 at the Erste Bank Open on Sunday.