View galleryMINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- Behind a curtain in the bowels of Target Center, the Minnesota Lynx gathered as a team for one last time this season. A few thousand jubilant fans waited in the arena, watching a video introduction for the team that had just captured its second WNBA championship in three seasons.On the big screen, fans read words like ''Dynasty'' and ''Greatest Team In History.''''No pressure, guys!'' finals MVP Maya Moore said to the group.Whether they want the labels or not, the Lynx are being cast as the next empire in the league, and for good reason. They have made it to the finals for three straight years and twice came away with the title. Their 99 victories are the most in a three-season span in league history and this year they became just the second team to go 7-0 in the playoffs.They have four All-Stars in a core that isn't changing anytime soon, and they are overflowing with the confidence that comes from so much success.''It makes me excited because we have 80 percent of the definition covered,'' Moore said. ''Great team. Great family. Great dominance. Now it's a matter of can we do it over and over and over again? The way you do that is one day at a time.''For the second time in three years, the Lynx paraded through downtown Minneapolis after sweeping the Atlanta Dream in the finals. For a sports market that has been wallowing in the struggles of the Twins and Vikings this season, the chance to celebrate a truly dominant team received an enthusiastic response.Thousands of fans lined the streets of Nicollet Mall on a chilly day and followed the caravan of convertibles into Target Center for one last party.Point guard Lindsay Whalen channeled Shaquille O'Neal with an elongated ''Can you dig it!!!!'' call to the crowd. Assistant coach Shelley Patterson, who was director of basketball operations for the Houston Comets in 1999 when they won the third of their four straight titles, told the crowd she had been hesitant to compare the two teams.''But after the sweeping and butt-whooping we've given,'' Patterson said to a roar, ''this team, by far, is the best team, the most coachable team.''The Lynx had the second-youngest roster in the league this season and extended the contracts of Whalen and star shooting guard Seimone Augustus, so they will be well-positioned to defend their title next season. The last time they were in this position, the Lynx lost to the Indiana Fever in the finals last year. Now they'll be the defending champions again.''I think we're going to embrace that idea,'' coach Cheryl Reeve said. ''People have been gunning for us for three years. As long as we're healthy and have that core group back, we're equipped to handle it.''Augustus is the longest-tenured Lynx player, and she has been through the lows of her first few seasons in the organization, when the franchise was one of the perennial doormats in the Western Conference. That all feels so long ago to her now, and she is enjoying being the team that every other team wants to beat.''The (bull's eye) is probably going to be huge next year,'' Augustus said. ''A lot of other teams want to be in this position. We've been here, fortunately, for the last three years. People are probably getting tired of hearing about the Lynx. But you're going to have to deal with it.''---Follow Jon Krawczynski on Twitter: http://twitter.com/APKrawczynskiTop-ranked titleholder Serena Williams will face former winner Petra Kvitova in her group at the WTA Championships, which start Tuesday in Istanbul.KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- It may rank as the craziest weekend in recent Southeastern Conference history.You might know Brent Burns as a San Jose Shark defenseman turned forward. Others may know him as the six-foot-five, homeless-looking dude walking around the streets of San Jose, unaware he’s a professional hockey player. Burns’ facial follicle frenzy has … Continue reading →Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon missed the first four games of this season due to a league suspension and faced missing Sunday’s game against the San Diego Chargers because of a hamstring injury. It appears Blackmon will be ready to … Continue reading →The successes of the Boston Red Sox in this year's American League Championship Series could be most importantly seen in two places — late-inning homers that either put the Red Sox ahead or tied the game, and their stellar bullpen … Continue reading →New York Rangers goaltender Martin Biron announced his retirement Sunday, just days after being waived by the team.The Indianapolis Colts gave up on Trent Richardson earlier this season. It now appears the Dallas Cowboys are ready to throw in the towel on running back DeMarco Murray. Murray sustained a knee injury in Dallas’ previous game and is … Continue reading →Hawassa (Ethiopia) (AFP) - The sun had barely risen but the cool morning air was buzzing with excitement: 350 participants had gathered in Ethiopia, the land of runners, for the country's first international marathon organised by athletics legend Haile Gebrselassie.A touching gesture took place on the football field, giving a teen cancer patient the shot at making it into the end-zone.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Aston Villa 0 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2…Patrick Daugherty has all the latest updates on Week 7 while breaking down the week's top plays.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the La Liga matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Granada CF 0 Getafe 2 Almeria 0 Rayo Vallecano 1 Saturday, October 19Osasuna 0 Barcelona 0 Espanyol 1 Atletico Madrid 0 Real Madrid 2 Malaga 0 Valencia 1 Real Sociedad 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts…Yahoo Sports’ Fantasy Football Live crew looks ahead to Sunday night’s Broncos-Colts showdown.We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →INCHEON, South Korea (AP) — Amy Yang birdied the first playoff hole on Sunday to beat South Korean compatriot Hee Kyung Seo and win the KEB HanaBank Championship for her first career title.The Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers both moved into the Staples Center during the 1999-00 season, the only NBA teams to share an arena. Since then, the Lakers have hoisted five NBA championship banners to add to their 16 in … Continue reading →EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The New York Giants have a pretty good hunch what to expect from Minnesota with newcomer Josh Freeman taking over at quarterback for the struggling Vikings.Missouri took control of the SEC East and a new contender emerged in the SEC West.LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Anthony Davis, John Wall and Darius Miller aren't so far into their NBA careers that they've forgotten their college days as Kentucky standouts.VIENNA (AP) -- Tommy Haas won his 15th career title and second this season, defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 at the Erste Bank Open on Sunday.