View galleryMINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- Their disappointing experience last year showed the Minnesota Lynx the danger of a loss at home to open the WNBA Finals.This time, they left no doubt about who's in early control of the series.Maya Moore had 23 points, including three 3-pointers in the first quarter to fuel a strong start, and the Lynx delivered a dominant 84-59 victory over the Atlanta Dream in Game 1 on Sunday night.''I think we're setting ourselves up for success,'' said Monica Wright, who pitched in 20 points off the bench and teamed with Rebekkah Brunson to fluster league scoring leader Angel McCoughtry into 6-for-24 shooting for 17 points plus five turnovers.Moore shot 10 for 16 from the floor and grabbed seven rebounds, and Seimone Augustus scored her usual 19 points. The Lynx led the entire game, shot 49.4 percent from the field and stymied the Dream into 0-for-15 shooting from 3-point range.''People will doubt us already, but that's OK. We'll be back for a dogfight on Tuesday,'' McCoughtry said. ''Everybody has cold days. This is a cold day.''Aneika Henry added 14 points, but Jasmine Thomas shot 3-for-15 from the floor. The Dream fell to 0-7 in the finals since 2010. They were swept by Seattle in 2010 and the Lynx in 2011.Game 2 is here in Minnesota again on Tuesday night, with the best-of-five matchup shifting to Georgia for Game 3 on Thursday night.e''They looked really good. They were sharp. And we got hit in the mouth,'' said Dream guard Armintie Herrington.Their four-game loss to Indiana in the finals last season not forgotten, the Lynx have played with even more of an edge this season, welcoming the tenacity, strength and slick passing ability of center Janel McCarville to the lineup to join her old pal Lindsay Whalen from their days together at the University of Minnesota.Henry and Erika de Souza gave the Dream some early production inside, but the Lynx didn't bother tussling much with them in the post. They snagged the defensive rebounds they needed, enjoying a 31-19 advantage in that category, and simply launched swish after swish from the corners and the wings with some hustling, highlight-reel fast breaks mixed in.''She knows that the starters, they're going to go head to head and beat each other up, and it's really about the peripheral players,'' Lynx coach Cheryl Reeve said.The Lynx went on a 15-0 run in the second quarter to pull away, with five players scoring during the spurt. They had 14 assists in the first half, to four for the Dream.McCoughtry started the third quarter by clanking a 3-pointer off the rim. Then she had a fast-break layup stolen by Whalen on the next possession, her complaint to the officials for a foul call ignored. A little later in that period, McCarville leveled McCoughtry with a jarring screen. Then she peeled off, caught a pass and swished a jump shot for a 48-31 lead. The players ran by as McCoughtry sat on the court, still dazed from the collision.Then right before the buzzer at the end of the quarter, Augustus hit a 3-pointer to push the advantage to 68-43. She pivoted and pumped her fist in celebration.''You could sense the frustration, like the body language of their team,'' Augustus said. ''Once Angel was out of it, that's the leader of their team. The team kind of falls to the side a little bit.''McCarville had seven points, five rebounds and four assists while fighting through a bad back.Moore had 27 points in the clinching game of the Western Conference finals over Phoenix and has 109 points in five playoff games this year. The Lynx improved to 26-0 this year when outshooting their opponent and 26-1 when giving up less than 80 points.The streaky Dream brought the lowest regular season winning percentage of any team to reach the WNBA Finals, their 10-1 start having disappeared during a slew of injuries. After losing nine of 12 games including their playoff opener to Washington, they reeled off four straight wins to get here.But the Lynx are quite the formidable opponent, as evidenced by that decisive third quarter.''We don't want to ever relax. The work that we do in the first half, we want to make sure that that means something, and so in order to protect what we just did we have to go out and play just as well or better in the second to build momentum,'' Moore said. ''This is a long series, and every second that we give them life is a memory that they take into Game 2.''Top-ranked titleholder Serena Williams will face former winner Petra Kvitova in her group at the WTA Championships, which start Tuesday in Istanbul.KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- It may rank as the craziest weekend in recent Southeastern Conference history.You might know Brent Burns as a San Jose Shark defenseman turned forward. Others may know him as the six-foot-five, homeless-looking dude walking around the streets of San Jose, unaware he’s a professional hockey player. Burns’ facial follicle frenzy has … Continue reading →Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon missed the first four games of this season due to a league suspension and faced missing Sunday’s game against the San Diego Chargers because of a hamstring injury. It appears Blackmon will be ready to … Continue reading →UFC heavyweight Cain Velasquez defended his belt with a brutal beatdown of rival and former champ Junior dos Santos on Saturday.The successes of the Boston Red Sox in this year's American League Championship Series could be most importantly seen in two places — late-inning homers that either put the Red Sox ahead or tied the game, and their stellar bullpen … Continue reading →New York Rangers goaltender Martin Biron announced his retirement Sunday, just days after being waived by the team.The Indianapolis Colts gave up on Trent Richardson earlier this season. It now appears the Dallas Cowboys are ready to throw in the towel on running back DeMarco Murray. Murray sustained a knee injury in Dallas’ previous game and is … Continue reading →Hawassa (Ethiopia) (AFP) - The sun had barely risen but the cool morning air was buzzing with excitement: 350 participants had gathered in Ethiopia, the land of runners, for the country's first international marathon organised by athletics legend Haile Gebrselassie.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Aston Villa 0 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2…Patrick Daugherty has all the latest updates on Week 7 while breaking down the week's top plays.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the La Liga matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Granada CF 0 Getafe 2 Almeria 0 Rayo Vallecano 1 Saturday, October 19Osasuna 0 Barcelona 0 Espanyol 1 Atletico Madrid 0 Real Madrid 2 Malaga 0 Valencia 1 Real Sociedad 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts…We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →INCHEON, South Korea (AP) — Amy Yang birdied the first playoff hole on Sunday to beat South Korean compatriot Hee Kyung Seo and win the KEB HanaBank Championship for her first career title.The Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers both moved into the Staples Center during the 1999-00 season, the only NBA teams to share an arena. Since then, the Lakers have hoisted five NBA championship banners to add to their 16 in … Continue reading →A touching gesture took place on the football field, giving a teen cancer patient the shot at making it into the end-zone.EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The New York Giants have a pretty good hunch what to expect from Minnesota with newcomer Josh Freeman taking over at quarterback for the struggling Vikings.Missouri took control of the SEC East and a new contender emerged in the SEC West.LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Anthony Davis, John Wall and Darius Miller aren't so far into their NBA careers that they've forgotten their college days as Kentucky standouts.VIENNA (AP) -- Tommy Haas won his 15th career title and second this season, defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 at the Erste Bank Open on Sunday.