View galleryMINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- The Minnesota Lynx offense is humming at a record clip and their defense has caused the Atlanta Dream's biggest star to come unglued.A second WNBA title in three seasons is right there in front of them. Now that the series is heading to the South, they don't plan on coming back home for another game. They plan on coming back home for another party.Seimone Augustus scored 20 points and Lindsay Whalen had 14 points and five assists to push the Lynx to the brink of the championship with an 88-63 victory over the Atlanta Dream in Game 2 of the WNBA Finals on Tuesday night.''It's right there,'' said Augustus, who made 9 of 12 shots. ''We've got 40 more minutes, 80 more possessions to get to where we want to be and get to what we feel like we deserve.''Rebekkah Brunson had 12 points and 10 rebounds and Maya Moore chipped in 14 points and eight boards for the Lynx, who set a finals record with 56.9 percent shooting and lead the best-of-five series 2-0.Angel McCoughtry scored 15 points for the Dream, but she made just 5 of 18 shots and was in foul trouble for most of the night.Game 3 is on Thursday night in Georgia.''We don't want to have to come back to Minneapolis,'' coach Cheryl Reeve said. ''When we come back to Minneapolis, it's going to be for a parade, not to play Game 5.''The series is taking on a similar tone to the first time these two met in the finals two years ago, when the Lynx swept the Dream for the franchise's first title. Minnesota was upset by Indiana in the finals last year, and entered this series determined to show last year's disappointment was a fluke.Moore had an emphatic swat of McCoughtry on a drive midway through the first quarter, and Moore glared at Atlanta's combustible star, who is 11 for 42 from the field in the first two games.Game 3 won't be played at the Dream's usual home - Phillips Arena in Atlanta - because of a scheduling conflict with Disney On Ice. Instead, the teams will meet at the Gwinnett Center in Duluth, about 20 minutes away. Moore will feel as at home as the Dream at Gwinnett, where she led her high school to three Georgia state titles.''As long as it's in the state of Georgia, I'm good with that,'' Atlanta coach Fred Williams said.The Lynx controlled Game 1 from the opening tip, leading by as many as 31 points en route to an 84-59 victory and came into Game 2 overflowing with confidence.A message on the video board just before the opening tip read: ''Game 1 we made a statement. Game 2 we will make history. We're leaving Minnesota after tonight, but we'll be bringing something back with us.''A photo of the championship trophy followed, eliciting a roar from the amped-up home crowd, and the Lynx followed with a ferocious start to seize control.Williams had to shuffle his starting lineup after sparkplug Tiffany Hayes injured her back and tailbone on a nasty spill in Game 1. The Dream went big with 6-foot-4 Aneika Henry next to the 6-foot-5 Erika De Souza.Hayes came off the bench, but she wasn't the dynamic player she has been for Atlanta this season. And even with the big lineup the Dream were still outscored 42-26 in the paint and outrebounded 40-22.''There's really no panic mode for this team,'' Williams said. ''I think we have an opportunity for us to still have the fire lit and keep it burning. It's our turn to go home and see what happens from there.''Whalen was the initiator early, bulling to the basket and using her elbows to create space among the tall trees in the paint to get the Lynx out to a 15-point lead in the first quarter.McCoughtry missed her first six shots and fouled out with just under four minutes to play. Her frustration was visible throughout the game and reality may be setting in.''We don't want to believe it's over, but it's tough playing the Lynx, you know?'' McCoughtry said. ''They're so deep. They shoot the ball so well. Let's hope they don't shoot so well on our court.''The Dream got to within 10 midway through the third quarter, but Minnesota responded promptly with an 8-0 burst to regain a comfortable lead.''We know Atlanta is going to bring everything,'' Augustus said. ''They're going to throw the kitchen sink at us. We're expecting them to come out and try to do whatever they can to not be eliminated in Game 3.''NOTES: Jasmine Thomas was the only other Dream player in double figures with 11. ... Janelle McCarville had 11 points and seven rebounds for the Lynx. ... The league announced ratings for Sunday's Game 1. The league said ratings were up 14% over Game 1 last year. ... The Lynx turned the ball over 20 times, led by Whalen's seven.Top-ranked titleholder Serena Williams will face former winner Petra Kvitova in her group at the WTA Championships, which start Tuesday in Istanbul.KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- It may rank as the craziest weekend in recent Southeastern Conference history.You might know Brent Burns as a San Jose Shark defenseman turned forward. Others may know him as the six-foot-five, homeless-looking dude walking around the streets of San Jose, unaware he’s a professional hockey player. Burns’ facial follicle frenzy has … Continue reading →Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon missed the first four games of this season due to a league suspension and faced missing Sunday’s game against the San Diego Chargers because of a hamstring injury. It appears Blackmon will be ready to … Continue reading →A touching gesture took place on the football field, giving a teen cancer patient the shot at making it into the end-zone.The successes of the Boston Red Sox in this year's American League Championship Series could be most importantly seen in two places — late-inning homers that either put the Red Sox ahead or tied the game, and their stellar bullpen … Continue reading →New York Rangers goaltender Martin Biron announced his retirement Sunday, just days after being waived by the team.The Indianapolis Colts gave up on Trent Richardson earlier this season. It now appears the Dallas Cowboys are ready to throw in the towel on running back DeMarco Murray. Murray sustained a knee injury in Dallas’ previous game and is … Continue reading →Hawassa (Ethiopia) (AFP) - The sun had barely risen but the cool morning air was buzzing with excitement: 350 participants had gathered in Ethiopia, the land of runners, for the country's first international marathon organised by athletics legend Haile Gebrselassie.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Aston Villa 0 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Saturday, October 19Arsenal 4 Norwich City 1 Chelsea 4 Cardiff City 1 Everton 2 Hull City 1 Manchester United 1 Southampton 1 Newcastle United 2…Patrick Daugherty has all the latest updates on Week 7 while breaking down the week's top plays.Oct 20 (Infostrada Sports) - Results and standings from the La Liga matches on Sunday Sunday, October 20Granada CF 0 Getafe 2 Almeria 0 Rayo Vallecano 1 Saturday, October 19Osasuna 0 Barcelona 0 Espanyol 1 Atletico Madrid 0 Real Madrid 2 Malaga 0 Valencia 1 Real Sociedad 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts…We haven't heard a lot of specific news from Alex Rodriguez's appeal hearing against Major League Baseball over the past couple weeks, but that changed on Friday. Of course, the reports are somewhat conflicting, but the details and connecting of … Continue reading →UFC heavyweight Cain Velasquez defended his belt with a brutal beatdown of rival and former champ Junior dos Santos on Saturday.INCHEON, South Korea (AP) — Amy Yang birdied the first playoff hole on Sunday to beat South Korean compatriot Hee Kyung Seo and win the KEB HanaBank Championship for her first career title.The Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers both moved into the Staples Center during the 1999-00 season, the only NBA teams to share an arena. Since then, the Lakers have hoisted five NBA championship banners to add to their 16 in … Continue reading →EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The New York Giants have a pretty good hunch what to expect from Minnesota with newcomer Josh Freeman taking over at quarterback for the struggling Vikings.Missouri took control of the SEC East and a new contender emerged in the SEC West.LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Anthony Davis, John Wall and Darius Miller aren't so far into their NBA careers that they've forgotten their college days as Kentucky standouts.VIENNA (AP) -- Tommy Haas won his 15th career title and second this season, defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-3, 4-6, 6-4 at the Erste Bank Open on Sunday.