Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland acknowledges spectators on the eighth green during the second round of the Kolon Korea OpenRory McIlroy was satisfied with his return to action at the Kolon Korea Open as he shot a final round of 67 to finish tied for second just one shot behind winner Sung-hoon Kang.McIlroy endured a frustrating day on Saturday when he shot a disappointing 75 to slip ten shots off the lead, but he responded with a 67 in the final round which put him on three-under and was enough to eventually put him in a tie for second.Hyung-tae Kim held a four-shot lead going into the final round but collapsed with a six-over round of 77 to fall back into the tie for second place alongside McIlroy, with Kang benefiting as he birdied the 18th to claim the title.
On Sky Sports

Golf
2013 Korea Open: Day Four
October 20, 2013 9:00pm



Remote Record
Get a Sky Sports Day Pass
Upgrade to Sky Sports


McIlroy was the headline act at the Woo Jeong Hills Country Club near Seoul as he returned from a month-long break looking for some form ahead of the final stretch of the European Tour season.As with his previous round, McIlroy says his swing was in good order, with his frustration mainly coming on the greens where he was unable to capitalise on some fine approach play.With the European Tour Final Series getting underway in Shanghai at the BMW Masters next week, McIlroy feels his game is generally in good shape with just some extra work needed on the greens."I could have shot anything, absolutely anything," McIlroy said after his round. "I only missed two greens and had so many chances, but it was like the story of yesterday - I just didn't hole enough putts."I created so many more chances today that it could have been 61, 62. It just wasn't to be. I didn't birdie any of the par fives which was disappointing. It was tough. I felt like it could have been so much lower the last couple of days."A little frustrating, but I'm happy with how I hit it. I hit the ball really well off the tee and my iron play was very solid as well. I feel like my game is in good shape going into the next few weeks, and that's a good thing."If I keep giving myself all those birdie chances, sooner or later I'm going to start holing a few. I'll work on my putting over the next couple of days and get ready for Shanghai."