    Ronnie O'Sullivan has Stephen Hendry's record of seven world snooker titles in his sights.
    The 'Rocket' 
    
clinched his fifth championship 

     at the Crucible in Sheffield despite playing only one competitive match in the previous 10 months.
    He has recently 
    
courted controversy with his comments over match-fixing 

     - the latest chapter in a rollercoaster career analysed in his new autobiography, Running.
    Here, he speaks to BBC Sport about his snooker ambitions, his father's imprisonment and the psychiatrist who helped turn his life around.
    Victory in May brought O'Sullivan his fifth title following triumphs in 2001, 2004, 2008 and 2012.
    "I've got five world titles. I was happy with four. I haven't set myself a mental target. It's something I would like to achieve, it would be a dream for me to get to seven, possibly eight," said the 37-year-old.
    "It is definitely one of the main motivations why I still keep playing. It does drive you on. If I get to six, I'd be with Steve Davis and if I get to seven I'm there with Stephen Hendry, the greatest to have played the game.
    "When you're 70 or 80 and they call you back to the Crucible as a seven-times world champion, seven sounds better than five. So there's definitely an incentive to want to win more. But the competition's tough, there's some great players out there and everyone wants to be world champion.
    "I start to think, I'm nearly 40, I'm an old man. I'm getting grey hairs now. I look around and everyone's 25, 26, and I'm nearly 38 and I'm giving them a run for their money. I'm like dad on the circuit.
    "I feel like I've broken the mould of players that got to their 30s and never managed to win any more titles. Maybe the next generation will think you don't hit your peak until you're 37 because Ronnie's proved it."
    O'Sullivan's father Ronnie senior, who had encouraged him to embark on a snooker career, was jailed for murder in 1992 after a nightclub row and released in 2010.
    The year after he was imprisoned, his 17-year-old son brought the 
    
UK Championship trophy to him in jail  

     after becoming the youngster winner of a ranking tournament.
O'Sullivan with his mother Maria Antoinetta, son Ronnie junior and sister Danielle